Edburg  0:00  
You know, it is very common for people to respond when you try to speak that way saying, Oh, well, here's somebody that just believes in conspiratorial theories or is a little bit paranoid. But now we ought to stop and think carefully what we're talking about. All of history has been controlled by powerful figures. Israeli in the 19th century said for those people who are not aware of it, if they realize what goes on behind the wing, believe it sunsuit Chinese Emperor same thing back in history, McMahon's busted for goes back 3000 years talking about the elite. And in this country today, we recognize the power behind let's say, lobbyists who are getting a sense about the government in this in that they pay special money to the president and getting reelected They pay special money to senators and congressmen to get them re elected but to influence legislation in their favor. And there is and has been throughout history and a lead that runs countries and the world. What is this one world all about? And if we don't recognize that it's very difficult to understand the situation we're in.

Kantbot  1:23  
Okay, this is like the the greatest suit cast episode. I think that we've done yet. I'm particularly excited to bring you this one. This is a crazy one. Because I got I got a guy here, you know, Miss Ed Edberg. And what what what is your Twitter username? Again when it's Edberg? It's Edberg. Yeah. Edberg with a u instead of an E. You can follow him his at his Eb BERGR. So that's, you know, I'm He's my guy Eddie. You know, he's he's, you know, people don't remember a lot of this stuff, but they're used Lots of like sectarian conflict between the various factions of the accelerationist. So we got your like an orthodox Marxist guy after my own heart. And I think you know, you've you've come to kind of discredit the the classical interpretation of the JFK assassination. You do you're unclear the name of Marx as having any involvement.

Unknown Speaker  2:23  
Yeah, absolutely. I think the what we're gonna do here today is pretty much name names, and there will be no questions whatsoever about who did it and why they did it. No, I got him. Yeah, we got them.

Kantbot  2:36  
I think so too, because that Okay, so we did our show, which a lot everyone had, you know, a lot of fun with everyone seemed to enjoy it about the JFK assassination with Sean McCarthy. And he's, oh, yeah, he's he's been getting into that too. And, you know, he was talking to me asked me for some book wrecks and stuff. So we got into that, and we didn't have much of a plan for that. We just Kind of like went to the, you know, general discussion we mostly ended up talking about kind of like the hermeneutics of like the CIA and how they think and we know what their messaging means and how they kind of operate and how we were trying to get kind of like the more you know, a broader understanding of what a conspiracy theory is or what a black op is, like, how that really works. And so I you know, then that's how we hooked up because you just were at the same time posting this stuff about the Dallas PD and about like jack Ruby and stuff. And so, you know, for like, the last week we just been sending all these book pages back and forth to one another, like frantically Yeah, it's it's been a it's been a whirlwind. I don't think I've slept in two weeks, just just a mouse drum of malfeasance. But we got I mean, we've, we've, we've come up with some really good stuff here. we've uncovered a lot So this is like no warrants. Another a second follow up show about the JFK assassination just to discuss kind of what we've been getting into. Right, right. Yeah. So, you know, I thought that we'd start. We didn't last time we were kind of, there's a lot that we didn't get into specifically, we're going to cover a lot more of hopefully this time of, you know, starting with like, Lee Harvey Oswald, who he is, where he you know, where he comes from, and like, what he was doing before the assassination and how all this worked up. And so, you know, for those who don't know, is like Lee Harvey Oswald has kind of a storied history. But going back before the JFK assassination might have met or talked a little bit about this on the the last show, but one of the one of the big things with him is that you know, he's in the military stationed in Japan. He's working on a radar project and then he goes into effects to the sub union. He, what is he? It's on September 20 1959. He leaves New Orleans. And he makes his way over to the Soviet Union to defect. Right. And yeah. And so I mean, this is this is how mean, started talking about this, because he has been reading about these kind of some interpretations of this whole episode, which is very strange about the role that James Jesus Angleton might have played, and you think we also talked a bit about him. But for those who don't know, he's sort of the kind of the CIA within the CIA. He's he worked on the moles like uncovering who the who the double agents were.

Unknown Speaker  5:47  
Yeah, he had like a counterintelligence unit that he ran.

Kantbot  5:50  
So he was like, he was the guy who spied on the CIA basically. Yeah. And so he has had this this role in Oswald's defection to the Soviet Union as you know, if you want to sort of introduce this, this the concept of this.

Unknown Speaker  6:07  
Yeah, it's a theory that I'm not sure who started it. But I think that it was Peter Dale Scott, who like really ran with it. Not to say like, I'm not entirely convinced by this theory. Like,

Kantbot  6:22  
there's no smoking gun, I'm not convinced kind of in the way that they end up the way that you explained that they end up using it. Like I'm not convinced in that, but then the actual, like, kind of observations around it. I think those are, you know, there's something there with kind of considering.

Unknown Speaker  6:40  
Yeah, like, it's the, well, what really struck me about is there's like all these little oddities, and it's like, how do you explain each of these and just theories like, you know, the only thing that really seems to cover all of those or give like an explanation for them. So basically, you have Lee Harvey Oswald. He's at isn't at Suki is at the Air Force Base? Yes in Japan. Yeah. And he's a radar tech operator with top secret clearance or maybe even higher, I'm not sure. But this is where the U two spy plane is operating from. So you can infer that there's a possibility that maybe Oswald is like working on this YouTube project or has some knowledge of it. And so it's I think around 58 Angleton learns there a mole that he has in the KGB, that they have knowledge of YouTube's pipeline. And it's at this exact moment that Oswald begins his like whole defection process. He goes to Helsinki and passes over into the Soviet Union. renounces the US as the he's a socialist or a Marxist. And, you know, doesn't really fucking do anything. Like, we've talked about it.

Kantbot  8:02  
Yeah, we talked a bit about this. Yeah. And I want to I want to cover it. Yeah, I want to cover some of the stuff. I have all of our sources pulled up here. Right? Right. So for the for this stuff, you have this book. It's called the interloper. And it's by Peter seven, seven dhanak. And it's has a lot of information about, uh, you know, Lee Harvey Oswald and kind of like, what he was actually doing, like, physically, like, every day when he was in the Soviet Union what what was going on with that,

Unknown Speaker  8:34  
right? He just, like worked in like a radio factory, I think. Yeah. And this will didn't really do much of anything.

Kantbot  8:39  
This is kind of like a, this book is used to support the lone gunman theory. Right. Okay. And well, this is this is the thing is that the it's it's kind of like the the the writer is trying to do a psychological profiling kind of approach to Oswald, huh. So the Yeah, you know, be good. As you know, I told you before the my my impression of like reading this book about Oswald is that if you've seen the movie The Master, it's like Watkins feet Phoenix's character and the master is kind of like,

Unknown Speaker  9:13  
Yeah, he's like this like disaffected, like, you know, the kind of classic like, postwar disaffected you like, it's almost like an existential tale of a guy who, like, doesn't know where he is in life. So he's going to do like the ultimate romantic thing that he can do in that period, which is defect to the Soviet Union.

Kantbot  9:32  
And that yeah, that's sort of the the narrative of this book tries to build up. And then it all, you know, you go back to his childhood, his he, you know, grew up without a father and he had some episodes of like, you know, a via as a teenager, like attacking his mother, which he testified to the Warren Commission, and that's, you know, the source of that information. So, I don't know if that's what what the actual story is, is just what she said. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  9:58  
I never heard that. But that's really interesting. There's like stuff that he does later like apparently he beats Marina his wife so yeah, like a history there but

Kantbot  10:07  
then also that information about his wife is also comes, you know in a certain way through the management of his wife by certain people which we can talk about later.

Unknown Speaker  10:19  
Yeah, we'll absolutely get to that.

Kantbot  10:21  
But you know, so we could just look at the August 22 1957 he first boards the USS Dec SAR in San Diego and that's when he begins making his trip over to Japan first his tour there right right and so there's like, you know, he's on the on the ship you can think about him in like walking Phoenix exactly as the the movie. The master starts. It's I think that's it just like that sounds like perfect description of what

Unknown Speaker  10:54  
No, no, I can totally see that. That's like a perfect image. Yeah.

Kantbot  10:58  
And so he's on the ship. He's like, so of isolating going into like these nooks and crannies of the ship and, you know, he's he's a very, you know, strange guy was 10, you know, violent tendencies. He has kind of outbursts sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  11:12  
Yeah, he's not the brightest guy either, which is kind of an important note to make.

Kantbot  11:17  
And yeah, this is this is one major part of it too, because the he has these pronouncements he's ostensibly trying, he's a Marxist, right?

Unknown Speaker  11:28  
Yeah. And, like, Yeah, he's at the very least a socialist, like, but it's clear, like if you read his writings that he really was not acquainted with, like any kind of rigorous theory, or political beliefs in general. Yeah. And

Kantbot  11:42  
you can always get that from talking to people about even on the lower end of the ideological kind of like knowledge spectrum. There's a certain way that people talk where if they've been around, people who are actually committed to these things, or they've read Even like the lower level kind of pamphlets and things, like filters into the way that they talk, they have certain formulas that they use and, and so I think a lot people are familiar with some of the Marxist ones that you know, you cannot you can tell when you're talking to like someone who is trying to come from that perspective. And that doesn't come through with Oswald at all.

Unknown Speaker  12:25  
Yeah, if I looked a bit like his, like pre military history, and there was maybe one point when I think he was still living in New York, where he I believe, he wrote a letter to the like, head of the Socialist Workers Party like being interested. And I think that that was probably really the full extent of his engagement was like a passing interest, which probably is what becomes instrumentalized when we're talking about this like Russia

Kantbot  12:54  
episode, because the way that I understand kind of his his whole personality, right is that He's kind of confusing to people in the way that he's been interpreted because it seems like he oftentimes was able to present kind of a different face to people when he first met them where he was kind of, yeah. ability to kind of regurgitate certain things that he knew that and then people kind of, they met him and they, they thought that he was like, smarter than he was. And then yeah, in this book, The it makes a case that there's a pattern that follows again and again with like, all of his acquaintances through his life, where it's sort of like that's they they're attracted to him in the you know, when they first meet him, it seems like there's something more going on to him, but then after like, a few weeks or months, or you know, they they kind of realized that he is there's something not right about that. It's not real. Mm hmm. Yeah. And he he has a lot of like a 10 reputation with a lot of people in the in the military especially. Apparently, we're about You know, lying, being a kind of as tabulous and saying crazy stuff.

Unknown Speaker  14:04  
Yeah, like, there's the, like episode with I think it's Carrie Thornley, who was a guy in the Marine unit with him. And he talks about how like Oswald approached them and asked him about communism like, and made it look like he was a communist and a seeking out other communists in the military. But Carrie Thornley could kind of tell that Oswald was just kind of, you know, making a joke of it. He was smirking. It was clear that it wasn't serious. He's kind of like a trickster type.

Kantbot  14:35  
Yeah, it's kind of like mixed with like a kind of like a bully who, you know, you know, when he gets too mad, he'll lash out at you physically, but, you know, before then he kind of like, likes to, you know, treat you like a wounded animal or something like you're a rabbit or something. He just has kind of like a kind of a bit of a sociopathic, almost like a little bent in that where he's like, you know, he likes To kind of, you know, toy toy with people, and he sort of thinks that he's smarter than he is and doing that. And, you know, that's that's sort of like, the the perception. I think that's like, wow, whatever happened. I mean, this is how he, you know, got turned into a communist basically. Right is that in the military, it seems that people kind of noticed this and certain events started unfolding.

Unknown Speaker  15:27  
Yeah, and I think it's worth also pointing out that around the same time that he was making these like, overtures to as like squadmates saying, like, I'm a communist, what do you think of communism, the Marines gave him a Russian proficiency test. And this was more like before he ever let you know, quote, unquote, decided to defect. And so I find that to be really interesting, because, you know, it's, it's a high level base. It's the CIA base, you know, the YouTube spy planes there. It's their CIA plane. Right, yeah, it's a CIA playing. Also a little known fact is that this was also an MK Ultra test site. They did like experiments on soldier station there. I don't really know if that has anything to do with Oswald business, like, paints the general atmosphere. So security would be like very tight at this base, and they would want to know, as much as possible about everybody who's there. And so you have this guy, and he's saying, I'm a communist. Why do you give them a Russian proficiency test? Like, you know, and so he's saying this, he gets the test and the next thing you know, he's on his way to the Soviet Union. So it's a strange inexplicable like series of events.

Kantbot  16:43  
This is Yeah, when things really start it, there's something about it that's not making sense here because so he he, you know, leaves Japan and he goes to El Toro and that and then

Unknown Speaker  16:55  
yes, from El Toro, that's where the that's where the thornlie thing happens. Yeah,

Kantbot  16:59  
and but You know, and there's something though about, you know, there's a there's something that happens there around the end of his tour in Japan, because, you know, as he's making his kind of like trip back to America and going to El Toro is that that there's a appears to be kind of a more noticeable change in his whole, you know, personality where he's he's been is kind of getting exaggerated the tendencies that he was doing before and people are really noticing that he's, he's tying himself up and all these weird lies and you know,

Unknown Speaker  17:38  
yeah he's drawing attention to himself Yeah, like he's putting on a show. You know, it can easily be read that way because it is a noticeable distinct like shift and personality and I think a lot of times, you know, they just, it gets attributed to a person who is like the end of their rope, which he was pretty much continually and like the end of his rope there his entire adult life. But I you could easily just as read as like precipitating propaganda for what was about to happen. And so yeah,

Kantbot  18:09  
I mean, the, his fellow soldiers at this point, I mean, we're we're definitely kind of like, creeped out kind of confused about what his deal was, but he goes back to El Toro, right and, you know, finishes off his tour there. And then he he, all of a sudden, as soon as that is done with as soon as he gets out of the military, he goes to the Soviet Union.

Unknown Speaker  18:37  
Right, and it's also like, the way that he gets to the Soviet Union as he goes through Helsinki. And there's something pretty significant about that location during the Cold War, is that it's the easiest crossing point between, you know, the West and through the iron curtain. This is a place where it's like it's like a quiet spot in the Cold War. I read a thing about how CIA officers and KGB officers would like go out drinking at nights and go to shows like it was very, very friendly like it should.

Kantbot  19:12  
One other thing worth noting though, in relation to that, is that there during this time, this is like when things are kind of thawing out, because this is, right. Yeah, with Chris chef, and this is, you know, distant desalinization and things are getting kind of like, more normalized during this time is not the peak tension period in the Cold War.

Unknown Speaker  19:33  
Yeah, exactly. And I think that if this was felt anywhere, like especially they're like, you know, on the grandest like geopolitical scheme at this point, like it's still pretty uncertain, tensions are going down, but they still, you know, pop up as we see like in the early 60s repeatedly,

Kantbot  19:52  
and this is a, this is a part of a two with the U two spy plane because one of the reasons that kind of there's There's a fallback to a more confrontational stance is that the base shot down Gary Powers right and which is like so as well going to the Soviet Union is right in between that right and you know he there's that's kind of like a standard theory that is presented around. And books like Lee Harvey Oswald in the CIA I think they talk about it a bit and Oliver Stone movie is so a lot of people think that he kind of was sent by the CIA to a Russia to leak the radar secrets so that they could shoot down Gary Powers because the CIA wanted to sabotage Eisenhower's diplomatic efforts with the Soviet Union. Right?

Unknown Speaker  20:44  
Yeah, that's the the standard, like interpretation of those events, which I'm, like I said, I'm not convinced by the mole hunt theory. But I'm also like, I'm less convinced by that. It doesn't really make sense with this circumstances. Why would you need to Yeah. According to the case, Oh, go ahead.

Kantbot  21:02  
No, I mean, just why would you need to leak this information in this way through Oswald, who's a bumbling, competent weirdo? Right? It doesn't it doesn't make sense.

Unknown Speaker  21:12  
And I believe that like people have actually looked at like the KGB files on Oswald. And he repeatedly told them that he was going to give them information related to his radar tech work, which could be used to but he never actually delivered on it and he just kind of string the KGB along and that's why they just kind of like shut him away and are in a radio manufacturing plant.

Kantbot  21:36  
And yeah, that's the confusing thing about it.

Unknown Speaker  21:39  
Yeah, and so if the KGB didn't have you know, information from them, I think that that pretty much torpedoes the entire like, YouTube shoot down explanation because

Kantbot  21:50  
he you know, he's not like, like we said, He's not like a super. He's not a savvy technical guy like when he went to go work in the radio And like television factory, that the thing about that is that that was a whole, you know, part of the project of kind of liberalizing the Soviet Union more is that now they're getting like TVs and stuff. So it was kind of interesting that Yeah, they put Oswald to work there. And so he was supposed to be kind of like a, you know, electronic engineer kind of guy who's going to work in this factory. And he, you know, he could he wasn't good at that, you know, like, he has very poor like work reports from what I understand of his time there apparently very, like lazy, you know, he's not he's not somebody who was kind of savvy enough to be stationed in this radar office. And to like, extract these ideas about like, how to shoot down the YouTube and then like, you know, deliver them to a foreign nation and there's a little bit of a stretch.

Unknown Speaker  22:53  
Yeah, I definitely agree. Cuz it's, yeah, he's not. He's an asset. I think that that's great. But he's not like an operator. He's not you know masterminding things doing like professional spy craft and so that brings he may think

Kantbot  23:09  
that he is yeah

Unknown Speaker  23:10  
yeah he might have a romantic vision and that's why

Kantbot  23:14  
you know the yes why the James Jesus Angleton angle as soon as you know it makes more sense to me. So I know what's going on with the the mole hunt here because there's some like interesting this is this is a much better explanation I think.

Unknown Speaker  23:28  
Yeah, so the idea behind the mole hunt theory is that Angleton knows that there is a mole who has information he's receiving information that the KGB has somebody in the CIA, who is reporting on the two spy plane. So at around the same time that the mole hunt starts, which I didn't realize this I read this yesterday like, kind of consumed Angleton slice and he ended up writing a book about it which I would really like to read,

Kantbot  23:59  
which also is Something that he happens to like all the time is he was consumed multiple times. And

Unknown Speaker  24:05  
yeah, but apparently this was like, you know, he was the like, the, the KGB mole in this instance was like Angleton like white. Well, like he was pursuing this thing for years. And it's not clear that he ever caught them. Which is interesting because we could if Oswald was Mohan might have been a failed one. But anyway, so the idea is that Oswald goes to the Soviet Union, the KGB will want to know about this guy, because we'll be inherently suspicious of them. And so they'll be scrambling to get information through their contacts in the CIA. Yeah, they

Kantbot  24:41  
don't just accept it and say like, oh, Oswald, great, you're on our site. Now you're gonna give us accurate information. They're gonna like try to double check. Yeah, especially be someone with like, Oswald who just like screams like what the fuck is with this guy?

Unknown Speaker  24:53  
Exactly. And so this would sound far fetched except that there are like, incredible decisions. References when you look at like AWS was in Oswald's internal CIA file. He has what's called a 201 files like a personality file. It's drafted by an editor i think is her name. She is angle tends number two, and the counterintelligence unit, she drafts that and then copies are distributed amongst other CIA officers. Now, but when you compare the copies of the two on one file, they are contradictory. Some of them have his age wrong, some of them have his height wrong, some of them have his hair color wrong. And when you look at people that these files were distributed to they included people that Angleton actively suspected of either being the mole or connected to the mall. So you know, the whole idea is that you spread false information out. You You put it out as far and wide as you can. And then You know, you leak it through you hope it goes through the whole like information pipeline back to the Soviet Union. And then the CIA people who are embedded in the KGB on the other side, you know, they can say we got this information it says that we Harvey Oswald's, like a bald 36 year old. Well, all you have to do is look and see which file said that we Harvey Oswald was a bald 36 year old and you can start to narrow your mole hunt down, you can start to identify which channels this information ultimately passed through. It's the only really clear explanation in my mind. And it makes sense in a love

Kantbot  26:37  
contest with other things too, because one of the conclusions of you know, other researchers researches into Oswald's history with the CIA, you know, they've tried to go back and kind of reconstruct the files on Oswald that all the different agencies have and

Unknown Speaker  26:54  
obviously, it's crazy. Yeah, they are all a mess.

Kantbot  26:58  
And within you know, that's one thing is that if you have Um, you know, you can't take these for at face value in terms of their contents, because obviously, if there was something like really, you did it, we're gonna write it down. So these aren't like a reliable source of information so much. But what these kind of researchers do is they reconstruct how these files were put together. Yeah. And they reconstruct the history of these files to see when different things were added, and tried to infer kind of the motivations behind each of those steps. And so what, you know, this begins when Oswald effects basically, it's immediately sent out to the media, you know, right. And so I think people's perceptions maybe about that whole situation, what was going on with the Soviet Union, what the atmosphere was, like, for an American or, or something like that, that that time you know, that that it may give them a different impression than what was really the case? Because actually, there was a lot of journalists active. And, you know, there's a whole kind of like, you know, the have information seen going on there with the embassy and certain Americans who were there and the KGB is watching everybody? And is this kind of like they all know that they're being watched. And, and Oswald just kind of waltzes into this situation, goes to the embassy and makes an announcement about, you know, renouncing his US citizenship and says, I want to defect,

Unknown Speaker  28:22  
which it's like a really grandiose announcement. Yeah, like, it's a scene that will catch the media's eye.

Kantbot  28:29  
And, you know, this is a point because of the people who worked at the embassy there. You know, kind of account of this is that they felt that he had been told basically certain key things to say, and then he didn't know what to say beyond that.

Unknown Speaker  28:44  
Yes. And that's actually a pattern that you see. And if you look at all swabs, letters, like his letters home to his brother, as well, where some of the letters are like, yeah, Oswald definitely wrote this. It's full of misspellings. It's You know, doesn't flow? Well, the cadences are all fucked up. But then there's other letters that is like pristinely written. And you're like, there's two different people that are pinning these letters or there's some some kind of guiding hand. So, yeah, that seems very analogous to what you're describing.

Kantbot  29:19  
Yeah. And so I mean, what happened was that, you know, he does this and then basically, you know, everyone immediately notices him, and the KGB immediately notices him. And journalists immediately notice him and then the journalists just go and interview him and they're like, oh, you're defecting? That's crazy. We want to talk to us. And he talks to them. Yeah. And if you think if he was really, you know, if he's an operator and he's in on what's going on, he's, he's gonna be he's gonna know that the KGB already has his room bug. They he goes to a room that's, you know, known for that. They surveil everyone who goes there, right? Yeah, it goes to This plays and he talks to a journalist and, you know, obviously he was not told to not do these things. And we can only infer that Yeah, he was, you know, they expected him to because they knew what type of person he was. He's a loud mouth, you know, stupid, you know, kind of guy. Right? And so, right that when the the media reporting on it goes back to America, it goes, you know, immediately triggers alarms at every intelligence agency. Yeah. And they all start files on Oswald.

Unknown Speaker  30:29  
And what's interesting is that like the CIA, if this was a mole hunt, they were really clever. There was a guy in the State Department named Otto Otto. I think it's got its auto odd epca something like that. But Otto is the light guy. He's the angle of the State Department. But he is like a john birch society type. And he's convinced that communists are infiltrating the State Department, the CIA And he's leaking information. This is later revealed on the back end about what's going on in the State Department, to the house on American activities. And it's this guy who sees in the media that there's this guy, Oswald who's defecting? So he's the one who goes to the CIA in this, like, will you make fun? You know, you need to like make a defection list. And that's what generates in the CIA, at least, you know, they don't do it until he says to do it. Yeah. Or suggest to do

Kantbot  31:31  
it, because that's a it's just such a strange way to do it. Because the conclusions that were made, yeah, uh, you know, in Oswald in the CIA, that book is that he tracks it. So he shows that there was already a file on Oswald at that point. Right. And so I mean, which makes sense, because if he's even working on the YouTube project, they would, they would. Yeah, and because that's a CIA project.

Unknown Speaker  31:57  
Yeah. Which would be a different file, from the are one of Yeah. From from what little I understand the CIA filing system.

Kantbot  32:05  
So but this is the, you know, the whole interesting thing about and is, you know, it just paints a different picture. Because obviously there's higher level people who are taking a lot of interest in Oswald, but really, based on his biography, and, you know, his you based on that you think that he's like a nobody, right? And so like, why are all these you know, why is it becoming such a big deal in these higher echelons of the intelligence community?

Unknown Speaker  32:30  
Hmm. And I think it's also worth mentioning that it wasn't like you mentioned how, like, all agencies started these files. But there's a really interesting episode where Oswald's own mother, Marguerite, I think, Oswald, she starts writing letters to like, she writes to the Marines. And I think she writes to the media and she writes to several different congressman describing herself defecting. And in these letters, it's just like the CIO files. They have incorrect information, even though we know that some of these letters were written like, either on the same day, or successive days. But you know it all say his age wrong, you know, his eye color wrong. At one point she names gives his father the incorrect name. And it's like, why is Oswald's mom doing this? Well, she tells the Warren Commission that a marine officer was telling her what to write, and who to send it to. And it gets even weirder because when we look at the return address on her envelopes, they are not her. It's not her address. It ends up being some woman who works in like a news office in Fort Worth. It's her address that Marguerite Oswald is signing on on the envelopes. And so this woman is basically operating as a melodrama because she receives the response. But then she forwards it to Oswald's mother. And Oswald's mother says that she's doing this under the house, upper marine commander. And you just got to ask, like, like, what is that? There's no explanation for that. And

Kantbot  34:12  
then you start looking at like, you know, Oswald is creating like a paper trail, basically, when he goes through the Soviet Union, where he starts like, keeping a diary, and he's writing to his family. And these are just the most bizarre messages. I can't imagine, like any person writing these because when he actually goes in requests, you know, he goes into the Soviet Union, he's, he's on like, a basic visa kind of thing. And he's has a certain timeframe before he has to leave. And in that time, he's being reviewed, he's made a request to be allowed to stay and become a Soviet citizen and, and give this secret information that he claims that he has, right. And right, the Soviet Union as you know, they're the KGB is looking at him and thinking about it, and trying to figure out what his deal is and they decide that you know, they don't even want them and so they want to exit you No kick him out of the country and send them away. And so when that time actually comes and he Oswald isn't told that he has to stays told he has to leave. He actually attempt suicide. And he just like the guy cuts his wrists. And this message is just like a you know, he's talking about how he's, you know, one of his one of the the people that has been handling him since he arrived in Serbia, she's gonna come in, and he says, somewhere a violin plays as I watched my life whirlaway I think to myself, how easy to die and a sweet death to violins. You know, it's just like,

Unknown Speaker  35:40  
it's bizarre. It's, that is so bizarre.

Kantbot  35:42  
And the stuff that he writes to his brother too. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  35:47  
Yeah, he talks about like the collective and like, like what it means to live under socialism that he spells socialism really weird. It's like social ism is He's a bit he's

Kantbot  36:00  
like almost illiterate, he can't spell He's full of all these mistakes and weird spellings. And

Unknown Speaker  36:06  
yeah, it. You know, the more we talked about this, the more convinced I am by the Mohan theory. I'm pretty sold on it now at this point. Because Yeah,

Kantbot  36:15  
I mean, this this guy's sort of like, it's, you know, he's not the type of guy that you want to go on a serious mission if you were recruiting him, either if you were the CIA or the KGB, right? For whatever reason, you're not gonna want Oswald to do anything. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  36:32  
he's just kind of again, like, that's the only real word to describe on he's just a stooge.

Kantbot  36:38  
And he, he doesn't, you know, it's it's clear that basically the overall impression is that he is he is given a mission to do something he's told, I assume, by the United States. Some people recruit him and they say, we have a reason we want you to go here to do this mission. And we here are the things that we need you to do. Right, we need you to go to Helsinki. And we're going to tell you, you know exactly where to go, you're going to go the embassy, you're going to say exactly these things, you know, then you are going to go to this hotel, and blah, blah, blah, right? And you know, you, we need you to keep a diary and write these things. And you can write other things about your time and but you need to put these specific messages in here on you know, that certain intervals, right? Yes. And you need to say certain things in your letters back, we're going to tell you all these things, and you have to memorize them and that's your mission.

Unknown Speaker  37:31  
Yeah, and it's also like, you know, for all of us, like problems like intellectually and socially he had, apparently he was very good at taking orders like everybody, all of his squad mates remarked on this like all the time about like, if you could tell Oswald to like clean a toilet with a toothbrush and then brush your teeth with it afterwards, like he would do that. He's, he's a follower, you know, and he follows systems from reductions to an absolute tee. And you

Kantbot  38:02  
know, he's very much also like, he just doesn't have this whole romantic understanding of, you know, socialism or Marxism or anything. It's all it's just reeks all through, you know, down to the very like core of his it's absolutely just a fabrication.

Unknown Speaker  38:20  
Yeah, now I'm convinced. It's definitely I'm saying it now.

Kantbot  38:26  
But no, this is really interesting because then it goes to some like, because this is where it all becomes weird is because, you know, I couldn't believe that any of these certain things happen that, you know, maybe Oswald just did defect right. And he's he's just that stupid, right he you know, and then he, you know, they put him in a television factory in Minsk and he realized it just sucks ass and he wants to come home and you know what if that happened, and then America, you know, everybody just let it go and we You know, he was never debrief, there's no day he arrested when he came back or anything like that. Now he got like fast tracks when he got back, yeah, then they loaned him money to even come back to pay for his travel expense. So it's like, there's no, you know, if you can give everybody the benefit of the Dow here and just assume that, you know, everybody was just willing to let it go for whatever reason, right. It's sort of like, you know, that's one thing. I'll give you that, that maybe that happened, right. And but then, yeah, oz will comes back to the United States. And he immediately becomes involved in anti Castro. activities on the side of the Cubans. He becomes he continues to be a Marxist who's in support of Cuba. And it makes no sense that why would you do that?

Unknown Speaker  39:46  
Right. If you have first hand experience, yeah. Yeah, this might be getting like a head a little bit. We thought I talked about him coming back. Yeah. George, is it moment. How do you pronounce your last name? Morin shrills. Yeah. The dude's like a literal Nazi. He was suspected by the US of like being a German asset and his cousin, who was this guy named Baron von maydel was definitely a German asset and made all these like pro Nazi pro Franco propaganda films. And more in shops apartment got raided by the FBI. If you look at this FBI file, it's full of like, it talks about how they went to his apartment and full of like, Nazi propaganda, Nazi films, you know, like, like an swastikas hanging on the wall and stuff. And so this guy who's a communist comes back to the US and just becomes this like best friend is another you know, this Marxist who is working with like anti Castro Cubans and running around with like a guy who is literally, you know, probably like a Nazi sympathizer, if not active asset. Again, it's completely unintelligible

Kantbot  40:59  
it this is This is also I think one of the things that, you know, I'm not sure exactly how the whole theory of this should be developed. But we were talking about kind of the liver literary aspect of how all this kind of operates and how these apps are designed. Yeah. And I think that's really interesting that you know, Angleton would be involved, right? Because we've been looking Yeah, we've been talking about this Angleton. Uh, you know, he's, he's this mole hunter in the CIA, right? But he's, he's, uh, he went to Yale, and he is a literary man at heart. Yeah, he at Yale, he edited the, you know, literary magazine ELD official one and he also started his own poetry magazine. And for his poetry magazine, he got like, a bunch of he got like lb to write stuff in his like, own little poetry magazine. Yeah, he got a big a lot of major named poets and He, he apparently, he seemed to know these, like, he was a little kid at college and he's writing letters to these, you know, major literary figures of the day. And he's able to, like talk to them and appeal to them and, you know, talk poetry with them and make them want to like write stuff for his magazine. Right? So yeah, so he This is like, clearly he's kind of like, added when he was in college, this was his passion before Pearl Harbor, and he went to the military.

Unknown Speaker  42:29  
Right? And it's

Unknown Speaker  42:32  
like, when we talk about like, the literary dimension, the way that he runs things is very much that all these people are like actors on a stage, like characters in a book. And, you know, you can almost approach all these operations. As if it's like, you know, a modernist piece of art, you know, it's full of like uncertainty. Kind of like a destabilization of reality. Strange doubles. All these things kind of factor in to all the operations that you see that Angleton is like involved with them.

Kantbot  43:06  
Yeah, this is a really important point overall because I think that you know, this is this is why it's so bizarre. It's not just coincidence. It's kind of designed, it's artificial. There's artifice behind all this, you know, all he knows is like, this was kind of the intention of how these things were set up.

Unknown Speaker  43:28  
Yeah, like yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  43:32  
I mentioned to you that when we talk about the Oswald store, like we have Angleton on one side, and like he Howard hunt on the other, which we can get to him, but like, he wrote like pulp pulp fiction novels like these like kind of cheesy spy thriller detective

Kantbot  43:47  
stories Hard Boiled as I've read, I've read a couple of them and it's like,

Unknown Speaker  43:52  
yeah, I want to read them so bad.

Kantbot  43:53  
Yeah, I mean, it's, it's just interesting just to see what what he tried to write but it's like, Is there not Had the written but it's also like his his sense of like style of like what he was his audience like who he's writing for like Yeah, he didn't have much of a sense of like the literary level that he have that he was actually working at. Right so he was trying to be kind of like this very purple prose kind of stuff he's trying to

Unknown Speaker  44:18  
I'm a sucker for that though. I love that like, Yeah,

Kantbot  44:22  
but it's just cool because you know, it's he Howard hundred I mean, I always feel like if you read those things, you'll find something there that you can do an observation to mine or something but you know,

Unknown Speaker  44:32  
yeah, I guess they're like with my point with that though is that like I kind of view the entire like Oswald especially when we get into the assassination stuff, as like kind of suspended between like an angle Tony and like high literary modernist approach. And then also like this he Howard hot like schlocky spy hardboiled type, literary endeavor, because you know, depending on how you look Got it both of these things emerged to the forefront. And this is this

Kantbot  45:04  
is kind of like more getting now towards the broader picture that we kind of want to draw with this episode as we what we're really trying to talk about is kind of like how these ops are work, how they're designed things like that. And so this is important point is we have Oswald, he goes through this whole Russian defection episode. And it's it has all these bizarre elements to it, he's allowed to come back to the United States. And it's sort of like that's not the end of the story. No, it's like how does all this keep happening and what what's the driving force behind it? And so I don't know if you want to pick up now to talk about is going back to the United States and what what was going on with that with a

Unknown Speaker  45:53  
Yeah, so he gonna pull up my notes right here. So in June of 16 too, he, what's a little bit before he leaves Russia with his new wife, Marina Oswald, who is like, she is an anti communist, Soviet citizen, her. And so I think that that's kind of interesting too, is that he put you know, the person that he ends up marrying is somebody who is vocally anti communist, and they just kind of they leave and so they kind of travel by train across the US. And june of 62 they arrive in Texas, Fort Worth and yeah, Fort Worth, and they live with Oswald's brother Robert yeah and Fort Worth. They're there for maybe two weeks to a month before they move into their own apartments. And

Kantbot  46:50  
so they what the thing is, they entered like, Oh, just to clarify, they they because of Marina and she's anticommunist she they kind of verse exile Russian kind of community. And

Unknown Speaker  47:03  
yeah, there's it's the White Russian immigrants that are in the Dallas Fort Worth area. And what's noticeable about these people is that they're all very significantly anti communist. A lot of these people, most of them from what I understand are basically Russian aristocrats who were displaced like in the Bolshevik Revolution, or the following years. And at the very center of the Russian immigrant community, and for Britain, Dallas is this organization called Tolstoy foundation. And it only gets it's really strange when you look at the Warren Commission, because they call up

Unknown Speaker  47:46  
Paul in

Unknown Speaker  47:49  
rager dorsky and he is the board director of the Tolstoy foundation and they interview them, and you would think that the Tolstoy foundation would be pretty prominent. But it's not the only mention at once. Really, and ragged dorsky starts to say that, you know, he's like, you know, but somebody like Lee Harvey and rain Oswald, blah, blah, blah. The person who's questioning him and the Warren Commission cuts him off and says like, let's use like a hypothetical person. So like, That's fucking bizarre. And it makes me think and there's like no real evidence to say so but I think that they were probably involved and kind of embedding these people. Lee Harvey Oswald and Marina Oswald and to this community because

Kantbot  48:39  
we also have this you know, George George De Morgan's Celts. Yeah. And yeah, and he's like, yeah, yeah, but like, Oh, go ahead. No, it just I want to like, this guy's like crazy.

Unknown Speaker  48:51  
Yeah, he Well, he is. When you look at the iriga doors, excuse me Tolstoy foundation. He is friends with a Maren children like they know each other. And they were introduced to each other by this guy named Jake l hammann. And it's not really like an important point except like, Jake Paul Heyman is this major Texas oil guy. He's like the president of the National Petroleum Council. And he's like a close confidant of the Bush family. Like when george HW Bush is like the unofficial envoy to China in the early 70s hammann and his family go over to China and visit bush there. So it's just like an interesting like, these people that we're talking about, they're not small time. Like they're plugged in

Kantbot  49:40  
this guy. He's a he's a, he's a Baron too. Yeah. And he's like, this is we're talking about like, aristocratic exactly like sophisticated people from Europe who have fled during the wars and come to the United States and yeah, who are you know, part of these communities of like some very wealthy businessmen.

Unknown Speaker  49:59  
Yeah, these people Aren't there the elite of Dallas? Oh, it's not like Texas as a whole, like this incredible wealth and influence and a lot of these people, which last thing I want them to, like Tolstoy Foundation, is that there's, if you go back, you can like look them up in the CIA Reading Room. And in the early 50s, the CIA had an operation called a Virgil. And it was the goal of this was to quote unquote, use a controlled anti communist immigrant organization and its assets to create or intensify and exploit evolutionary changes in the USSR favorable to United States policy objectives. And so you can go and you can find other things like the there was a larger emigre organization that the CIA was working through to like kind of cultivate people as assets who were this place persons from the Soviet Union. The total foundation worked with the CIA's own center in the CIA directly finance the tolstoi. Well, I should say they indirectly financed it. They didn't give the money directly to the toll slope foundation. They gave it to the Ford Foundation, who then sent it to the Tolstoy foundation. Oh, the

Kantbot  51:21  
the Ford Foundation. Hmm.

Unknown Speaker  51:24  
Yeah. Can you imagine that also worth noting? We should have mentioned this when you're talking about the you to a plane, the guy that was overseeing the YouTube plane, Richard Bissell, he was OSS then he was Ford Foundation. Then he was recruited from the CIA into the CIA from the Ford Foundation. So you know this is pretty interesting.

Kantbot  51:44  
This is a big name he's he's a big name I mean, he's you know, he's a guy who's you know, at these high level intelligence meetings at the CIA and stuff like he's he's uh, you know, very important. Yeah person and all this in this history.

Unknown Speaker  51:58  
Yeah, cuz cuz he goes from you. to ban pigs and so in a way his movements kind of mirror Oswald which I think is very interesting. But um, but yeah, so Oswald and Marina they get into the Dallas, Fort Worth area, they're in this possibly, you know, they get in through the Tolstoy Foundation which is literally linked right into the CIA. The they are paid a visit by a guy named George de mon shield. And you know, talked about him a little earlier. This dude was like literally a Nazi in the 1940s. But what is really interesting is that he doesn't visit them of his own accord. He does so on the behalf of a guy named J. Walton more. J Walton more is like a local CIA officer in Dallas. And so I find that to be like really interesting because I would like to know like, how did more and mourn short know each other. There's like two possible tracks on that one hand in this same time period mourn shelters in Dallas, and he's doing this like he's trying to organize this oil venture in Haiti. And the partner is like partner with his Haitian banker. Last Name of Jones, what what is that name? It's like it's Claire, Mark Jones, I think. And this guy, there's really good evidence that the CIA wanted to overthrow the dictator of Haiti, papa doc, and put this guy in charge. And so Martin Schultz is like running around with this guy trying to do this after the whole, like, you know, Oswald things over with Lorne shield gets this like lucrative oil contract and he explicitly says he thinks that it was through the CIA. So it's possible that he knows the CIA agent more through this like Haitian thing. But then there's also This other element that I thought was really interesting, which I didn't know about until yesterday, and I was sending you this stuff about it. Yeah. But um, there's the Dallas Council on world affairs. And Lawrenceville health tells more commission that he attended a lot of meetings there. Well, I found a letter between a CIA director and Charles Campbell and campbellton

Kantbot  54:29  
as Port Charles Campbell. He's a general right he, you know, he's, he's, he's Air Force.

Unknown Speaker  54:35  
Yeah. But he becomes a CIA director. And so

Kantbot  54:37  
this is not like a small time guy. This is like one of the this is he's Deputy Director of the CIA.

Unknown Speaker  54:43  
Yeah, yeah. He and he also, much like this whole worked on YouTube, and then goes the Bay of Pigs. So he too, has a movement that kind of mirrors Oswald's movement. And what's even more is that Charles cattles brother, Earl Campbell is the mayor of Dallas' which is significant, so more seems significant him. Yeah. You know, this is just a comment. There's nothing to see in here. But um, so more and Kabal and more one shoulder all attending meetings of this dat Dallas Council on world affairs. So, you know, maybe these two tracks are two different ways that he might know more. And maybe these are the exact same track, you know.

Kantbot  55:28  
And one of the things Yeah, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  55:31  
I was gonna say is that he goes and he visits Oswald, on behalf of the CIA officer. He brings the guy with them, like a colonel who is in the US Air Force and intelligence, since officer named Lawrence Orlov, and like, nobody's really done any work on this or long guy and it's really hard to find information on him. But what I did find out is that Orloff was good friends with Jake Hammon, the guy who introduced reg adore ski and Lauren shoulders All these people know each other, it's a close knit group. And these are all the people who are circulating around Oswaldo Marina the second that they get into taxes.

Kantbot  56:09  
And this is sort of like, you know, you know, me pulled to pull back just a little bit. I wanted, you know, to stress that you say all these details when it's just like, That's weird. And though this person knows this person, and just, there's it, you almost kind of get lost in it, and it sort of just becomes like, well, who's not part of the conspiracy? And that's not really how it works? Because there's a very social dimension. Yeah. To this whole network. Yes, we're Yes.

Unknown Speaker  56:36  
Yeah, like, that's so clear, because what we're doing like these people that we're naming, not saying that these people are the ones who killed JFK, this is like, like, the, the environment. You know, these are the social ties. This is the, you know, this is what's going on. You have aristocrats and you have oil people and you have CIA officers, and they would be mingling together and doing these things. Whether They're not Oswald, other Kennedy at like, you know, we're ever involved in the story.

Kantbot  57:05  
And so he just Oswald just waltzes into this right and it's like, yeah, you know it. Why does a you know? Why is like a Nazi aristocrat? Like, what? Why does he even want to talk to Oswald? Like, why would you even want to be friends with this guy? Right, right? And it's like, oh, the CIA. And well, you know, and he even says, his reasoning for it. He people then just asked him like, why did you find Oswald like, why do you even want to be friends with this kid? who's like, you know, abuses his wife, who's He's like, you're anti communist, that, you know, she's a friend of your organization that you're supposed to be taking in and this guy's like, abusive towards her. And, you know, there's a lot of reasons we can wonder he's like, you're sophisticated aristocrat from Europe who's like, why, why and what he actually says is, you know, he says that he admired Oswald for having a segregationist. pinion on Southern politics.

Unknown Speaker  58:03  
I did not see that dip, but that's amazing.

Kantbot  58:05  
He says, uh, you know, he says Lee your way of life is so unAmerican it's like, you know, you're better than them with your high minded ideals of anti segregation ism. Yeah, this is what this is what he actually said. And and so you sort of hear these things. It's like, why is this like Nazi Baron? Like, why is he we talk about him you point him out and it seems like a very unique phenomenon based on that if you haven't heard about him before. Yeah, so you you might get the impression that like, this is an outlier kind of thing. It's a weird, isolated thing. But there's actually a lot of that going around, like basically all over the world because you can talk about other people like him. There's a guy named Karl Wolff. I don't know if you I sent you some stuff. I don't know if you read that ad, but it's the same kind of case where Karl Wolfe was working with Himmler. He was like a general who was, uh, you know, in the SS, like, directly under Hitler, like have very high level. Yeah. And basically at the end of World War Two, you know, there was the question of like, what are we going to do to, uh, you know, with the Nuremberg trials and war crimes and things like that, right. And people had different perspectives on it. Yeah. And so people like Alan Dulles in the CIA, who's in the OSS at the time, he's, he's more thinking, like, actually, maybe we just keep these Nazis and, you know, we work with them now. And, you know, they'll be in our intelligence organizations. Yeah. And, you know, they'll help us in Europe and, you know, keep the order there as we reconstruct it, and that's like, what they want to do. And then you have the other kind of contingent of the more like what FDR and his people want is you prosecution and And so those things are in conflict with one another and you know, basically what ends up happening is people like Elon does they they go back you know, you know run and run the end game kind of thing around the the back end of that right and do this thing called Operation sunrise where they basically take a lot of key Nazi people and just get them out and help them evade the Nuremberg trials.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:28  
Is this the same thing as paperclip versus the different operation

Kantbot  1:00:32  
This is related to paperclip and this is something that even confuses you know other people you know cuz Logo Logo just as a tangent is like he he's obviously big fans like pension and everything and right, and that's about paperclip and so he's aware of that they got Nazis out through paperclip, but he was you know, when I was talking to him about all this, but, you know, months ago we did a show we mentioned it and just like he wasn't even aware That there's a whole other operations operation sunrise. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:04  
that's completely news to me.

Kantbot  1:01:06  
Yeah. So this isn't, you know, that's Yeah, getting some Nazi scientists out and, you know, bringing Walter von Braun over so he can make rockets for us like, huh that's not even the whole close to the whole story this is way bigger than that of like, we took out like literal SS generals and like you know it's kind of a kind of messed up and what basically happened was that

Unknown Speaker  1:01:32  
the basically is supreme one of the it's treasonous activity, officially that Allen Dulles was doing when he did this by by gangs people out right and from what I understand, like the people around him, like, told him that like, like, I've seen quotes from people who confronted us and we're like, what you're doing is treasonous in dollars, which is like, you know, whatever, bro.

Kantbot  1:01:54  
Yeah, there are this is like exactly what they This is how they, you know, operated and and Thought about different things is that he literally didn't care. Yeah, he thought that, you know, he was doing something that was, you know, he had more authority than the, you know, Supreme Court because it was a Supreme Court justice. Who actually is Arthur Goldberg, who said that the both of the Dulles's were guilty of treason. Yeah, it that's like a direct quote from this guy's Supreme Court Justice, things that the director of the CIA and the secretary of state that they committed treason during

Unknown Speaker  1:02:38  
World War Two, it's like, do you think this would be a big deal that like people would know about

Kantbot  1:02:44  
it? Yeah, it's, it's, you know, and this, this sort of like, then goes kind of to, uh, you know, we need to get back to Oswald and what's going on with that, but just to, I wanted to provide some bigger perspective on it. So just

Unknown Speaker  1:02:58  
Yeah, no, I think That's like really important because that is, you know,

Kantbot  1:03:03  
because you have all these like the oil people yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:05  
that is the like macro scale picture to see this more, you know, we have like

Kantbot  1:03:10  
oil people and you have these like x these Nazis and like Russian emigres and all mixing together and on the surface level, you first see that you're like what it doesn't it seems incongruous it seems like all these people wouldn't naturally go together. But when you zoom out and you sort of start looking, it's like, Okay, well, Alan does a, you know, in john foster dogs are partners and Sullivan and Cromwell law firm, who I hope will. We'll talk more about later, but Oh, yeah, you know, one of the things about that is that this is crazy. I just found this out yesterday, as pisses me off so much is that they basically had solved it in Cromwell in the early 20s. They had this whole after World War One. There's the whole issue of German war debts. And the financing of the reconstruction of Germany, right? Yeah, this is this is kind of like, you know, one of the one of those a big deal and we're talking this is like the hyperinflation stuff and all the Treaty of Versailles, you know, being mad about that and everything that so basically, they came up with a deal in 1924 to settle kind of settle those issues for the time in order to, you know, go through, get the financing of the reconstruction of Germany and right away. And who was the force behind that? Do you think?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:39  
JOHN Paul's two doors,

Kantbot  1:04:40  
john foster dos? Yeah, it's like, you know, he was the special counsel to the the panel to the commission that basically came up with this plan. Right, right. That's it. It's like it's insane because basically what that means is that this is called the Dawes plan. By the way, it's the guy Charles g. dalls. Dawes was the is the person who's this plan was named for it and he ran the the commission that basically set it up. And who is a special counselors, that commission that is the john Foster Dulles from Sullivan and Cromwell. And the thing is, is that they set it up so that the Sullivan and Cromwell clients have provided all the money to Germany, all the loans to Germany in the interwar years. So they could finance their debts and do reconstruction.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:35  
It's crazy. And yeah, it's also like, from what the stuff you sent me it was like, basically junk bonds too, right? Like, yeah, it was, it was a big scheme.

Kantbot  1:05:45  
It just like it throws starts throwing things in a very different light when you when you consider that because, okay, who owns Germany? You know, as the Nazis are coming into power, it's the Sullivan and Cromwell client list. Yeah, literally. We Yeah, we talk about people talk about, you know, especially the right wing people is like they, they harp on this, it's Weimar Germany and they, you know, it's the Jews. And it's like, well, actually, it's, you know, the Sullivan and Cromwell and like the transatlantic like, Anglo elite. Yeah, it's the pilgrim society.

So it's crazy. And so basically, when the Nazis come to power, yeah, those all the clients are still kind of in that mindset. They don't want to just like walk away from all those deals. So that's kind of what Elon Does, does at the OSS is he manages kind of the backdoor continuation of the Dawes arrangements.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:46  
Yeah. And it's something that like kind of brings this close in to what we're talking about, but it's also kind of like it's just a weird detail, but we're talking about Lauren show right and during the 50s Somebody's driving by during the 50s. He's working in Cuba for this company called the Empire truck or no, it's the Cuban Cuban Venezuelan oil voting trust. And this is like they own according like what he says in the Warren Commission that they own, like half of the island of Cuba. And a lot of this is what gets seized by Castro and it causes this huge fuckup. And you can find just like reams of court documents of like Angry investors trying to get their money back. But what's interesting is that the this company in New York that was controlled by the lobes and the Brahmins, called the Empire Trust Company was like the investment manager for the Cuban Venezuelan oil trust. And just like Ana, loop it all back around when you start looking into it, Empire Trust Company, and solid mikrowelle verb like tightly Integrated like it was Sullivan and Cromwell who handled Empire trust Empire trust brought investors to the Cuban Venezuelan oil voting trust and then they were you know, extracting all this oil and getting rich and Cuba and Morgan shrilled works for them. So like, you know, we're crossing lots of scales here but you can see you can begin to see how it works you know, like these these ties they they crisscross, you know, vast geographies, but they exist. And Marshall was known to the Empire voting trust people, a guy that I think is extremely important, which we'll get to later, jack Crips done. He knew more Israel and he was the vice president of the Empire, but the Empire Trust Company, and this

Kantbot  1:08:52  
Yeah, this doesn't mean that like all these people are, you know, in the know and they all know the same idea. Most of these people don't know anything about Yeah, well, you know what's happening at this low level? This is like nothing to them.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:04  
Yeah, yeah, that's a very important things to keep in mind though I do have some more questions about Crichton himself. But we

Kantbot  1:09:11  
could we could talk about this we'll get to get back to Oswald. And you know, he's he's entering this community. And this is why there's like oil people mixing with these these communities, right. It's like, yeah, you know, they're, they're the, the, the corporate clients of these law firms. And that's the the tie that binds this together.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:29  
Yeah, it's all there. It's this. We're just painting the social setting. But so I guess to get back to Oswald, and we have like what I call like the Oswald chain of custody, because he does very clearly get passed through different hands. So to recap, like, he gets hooked up with morrinsville on behalf of the CIA, Lawrenceville, this is giant oil guy with ties from New York to Cuba to fucking Nazi Germany. And then he gets invited to a party. Bob Moore in Sheffield. And this is the party of a guy named Everett Glover who works at Standard Oil of New York's Magnolia laboratory. This is like another it's like another oil guy. And so at this party they're just so happens to be this person named these people, Michael and Ruth pain and more In short, I think he already knows the pains but Ruth pain is wanting to learn by she's learning Russian, and she needs somebody to converse in Russian with so more in shorts like hey, we got this. Marina Oswald, why don't you guys become friends. And like that the oswalds are suddenly from morrinsville into the hands of the panes. And it's kind of difficult, like, there's lots of questions whether or not the panes were assets of anybody, but there's like a couple points like worth mentioning and maybe they're significant. Maybe they're not. The first off is that Michael Payne was a aviation engineer at Bell Helicopter, a major defense contracting firm in the area. Ruth Payne's father very interested in Vietnam. They're the ones who Yeah.

Kantbot  1:11:17  
Oh, have you seen JFK? That's like the one thing that he says is this is a Bell Helicopter. I mean, they're the ones who wanted to develop that you made all the helicopters for Indochina use.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:28  
Yeah, no, they get crazy rich off off that war. But um, Ruth Payne's father works for USAID, the Agency for International Development, which is a very classic CIA cut out organization like this used a lot. And in fact, the CIA documents about Tolstoy Foundation, name USAID as a group that will work with Tolstoy and with the CIA's own like Center for Immigration or whatever it is called, but in the Last point about the pains is that, you know, they're after the assassination, their house gets raided. And this Dallas police officer named buddy Walters, he reports that the pains have like seven or eight filing cabinets of names of pro Castro sympathizers and like maps and index cards and all these records. And he says that he loads these up into his patrol car and takes them to the DPT headquarters to log into evidence, these filing cabinets are not on any evidentiary lists whatsoever. So like, we don't know if this is a true thing. Why would this guy say that it's awful? Like it's pretty specific thing to say? Like, if I'm making something up? Why Why is that? You know, like, yeah, they had like pro Castro filing cabinets and stuff. So it's like, the question is, were they doing some kind of intelligence gathering and if so, who were they doing them for?

Kantbot  1:12:59  
Yeah, and then You know, it just seems like you say this and it's like people's minds. They want to go back into this direct kind of like, everybody's a James Bond. Yeah, if they're gathering intelligence or whatever. And so that's implausible. Right. Right. But that is really that's not the point. That's kind of like the why I think someone like Allen Dulles, you know, he's he was a friend of Ian Fleming. I mean, they had connections to each other. And sort of he Allen Dulles writes his own books about, you know, different spy stories. Yeah. And so there's, there's kind of like a whole, like, going back to kind of the literary thinking about it is they it gets kind of fanciful, sometimes it does, and how the Yeah, and so that the idea isn't that really, that they're not James Bond people, but they're writing a story using these people's characters.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:52  
Exactly. And I think it's like, it would probably be like a good point to talk about how like how we kind of picture this happening. where, you know, none of these people know, I mean, they might know each other like in their social lives because this is all a well integrated social environment. But they don't really know that they are playing parts in something bigger, you know, they they are in their circumstances. And, you know, maybe they're following orders, maybe stuff is set up to make it look like it's happenstance. It's very limited, what they what they know. I mean, it's just like, it seems to the this is a very justifiable thing, when you put anyone in huge concern

Kantbot  1:14:32  
from an individual perspective and what anyone, any one of these people is probably asked to do. Right. Right, is that they were approached to they're part of this community. I mean, they're definitely they're anti communist, that's a good thing. And especially during that era, there's, you know, not something that they're persecuted or ashamed for or anything, it's like, they're openly doing this and, you know, they have a public aspect to them and they're connected into, you know, that business His contacts and organizational contacts and someone from this network comes to them. It's like, you know, I do some stuff for the CIA. I know this guy's, you know, work for the CIA. And we want to ask you a favor to do a couple things for us. And it's gonna be small things. It's sort of just like, Can you make a list of the names of these people that you see? or? Yeah, you know, can you drop an envelope off at a certain time? Just like stuff that base? Yeah, that's what we're talking about. It's like, you know, we're going to introduce you to this guy named Oswald, he's coming back if you could look out for them. They don't have to tell him this. Tell these people like that. He's involved in anything that they're doing anything with them. You just have to be like, you know, we're worried about him. He has some weird leanings. You know, he has his wife or worried about his wife can you look after them? And you know, say Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:50  
yeah, like it's, it's when you put it in those terms, it becomes like a lot more digestible. Because the other ways like you name all these names, and it's like, okay, Well the conspiracies got like three 300 people involved it's not at all there's probably a very small core group

Kantbot  1:16:07  
of who knows the you know full yeah dimensions.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:10  
Yeah and you know, you could even say that like, there there might be who knows how many intermediaries between like those that group and you know these people on the ground like how many steps do you have to pass through like how many things are set up in a certain way like it's it is a literal like Hall of Mirrors when you start to like, untangle that and which

Kantbot  1:16:32  
is exactly how James Jesus Angleton conceived of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:36  
Yeah, like, that's not the name of like, like, that's like a quote from Yeah, like the hall of mirrors, huh? Yeah. So it's

Kantbot  1:16:44  
perfect. But, so this just all paints like this, you know, is really the background of what we're talking about when people are talking about Lee Harvey Oswald and like, he's a lone shooter is a maniac and all this other stuff. It's like this becomes extremely implausible given like the world that he's entering here. Cuz we like, go ahead, go ahead, man.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:03  
Oh, I was gonna say like, you know, like, you know, like you go out how many times do you like, how many times have you met in your life people who are like Nazi aristocrats and oil barons and like the brother of CIA directors, like, I don't know, like, I don't think I've met any of those kinds of people in my life. Like, you know, this guy just like defects. And this is the world that he's plunked back into when he's fast track Tom

Kantbot  1:17:33  
is, you know, it's sort of like, so he's in this community in Fort Worth, but then he moves on and this is where he goes to New Orleans, which is where we sort of open up into like, right, the overall org structure Yes. where things get real weird. Um, April 24 1963. He goes to New Orleans.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:50  
Yeah, and also interesting. It's Ruth Payne as the one who drives him to the to the bus station from New Orleans and I think it's that same day that Marina Oswald and her baby move into Ruth Payne's house. So like the pains are in there, they're, you know, this is this is tight knit stuff. And Oswald is off to New Orleans where he gets a job and at the Riley Coffee Company, which this is like my favorite thing and the whole the NASA tell Yeah, well the NASA but also just like the fact that like this Riley Coffee Company is like weird as hell, like who works there and who owns it. So like the NASA thing, it's just one of those things that like doesn't really add up to anything but it's just like a Bizarro detail. Oswald's working at this Riley Coffee Company place and he starts telling people that he's going to go work at NASA. And you're just like always just like a goofy gas and goofy stuff. But like four of his co workers end up working at NASA and it's like you You know, like, What is that like? Because it

Kantbot  1:19:02  
you know, it says something about who was working at this company and like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:07  
yeah, exactly. And I think that like when you look at who owns the company, it gets a little more clear. So I'm the owners of the Reilly Coffee Company. We're Eustace and William Riley. And so William was a financial backer of the crusades, two free communist Cuba, which is a kind of like local New Orleans Community Council that raises money for Cuban exile groups. So that's William Riley. Eustace Riley is the financial backer of something called the information Council of the Americas, which is a possibly CIA backed propaganda outfit that was set up by this like, kind of like notoriously right wing cancer doctor named Alden offner. And so it's also known as The information council the Americas Inca is a, a potentially CIA backed like propaganda outfit. It was founded by this guy named Aldean author with money from a Dallas oil person named Clint Murchison. So that's interesting. So you have like Dallas money flowing into New Orleans, mm funds to these people that Oswald, you know, is linked to. The executive director is Ed Butler, who personally knew Charles kept the guy that we've already placed in Dallas,

Kantbot  1:20:32  
and who is who's a general, Deputy Director of the CIA. Exactly. So

Unknown Speaker  1:20:39  
counters personally.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:42  
Uh, yeah, it's nuts. And one last thing about Inca is that you were financed by the standard Fruit Company. And in fact, there was this guy named William Monahan, who was both an employee of standard fruit and a charter member of Inca who goes to work At the Riley Coffee Company the exact same time as all bald and leaves the exact same time as Oswald. So this is getting like pretty strange. And the last bit I want to mention, I think this gets into territory that you are far more familiar with the knee is at ad thought where our executive directory Inka employs a guy named guide Bannister as a poi.

Kantbot  1:21:26  
Yeah, so this is like now we're breaking into the kind of this like whole org structure, which I think is very important to kind of, you know, the point that we kind of want to make here is we're dealing with some some of these classic problems of how all this is structured. And it just seems like you look at it and there's certain names that people are focused in on right right as you know, David ferry guy Bannister. These are the people who like in the movie JFK, who are the you know, the famous people it's like, but what are they really And you sort of see by based on what we're talking about that there's different levels to this. There's a lot going on as like, What is all this actually in service of right? Hmm. And it's, it's, it's like this is the anti Castro Cuban operations which, you know, generally they fall under the umbrella of what you call operation mangoes. But this is like the, uh, you know, there are several different phases to it of you know, that they have pigs and then that failing before that its operation 40 Yeah. And yeah, that then is, you know, leads to another program called mongoose, which is about assassinating Castro's continuation, right. Yes. And this then, you know, is also connected into the Cuban Missile Crisis. So this is like a really, you know, obviously a kind of goes way beyond the scope of this little world of people, weird people, New Orleans, the you know, this is what's what's really going on here is at the very highest level is JFK. He's super pissed off about the Bay of Pigs. And, you know, he also is in this position, he wants to get revenge on Khrushchev and make Khrushchev each shit and he wants to win. He wants to win against Khrushchev. He wants to look good with the media, he wants to have this big victory. And this is where the whole you know, Missile Crisis comes in and everything. And a lot of the JFK, JFK assassination literature, it runs with this completely incorrect theory that JFK is going to stop the Cold War. He was going to do all this great stuff, no Vietnam, and he was a good guy. And in reality, that's, you know, very, very far from from the case.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:55  
You mentioned the role of general Edward Lansdale in the Philippines and In an operation there that had to do with overthrowing the government and involvement with the Hawks. The these people, I assume were also key characters and other similar operations like the Bay of Pigs.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:14  
Yes.

Edburg  1:24:16  
When the Bay of Pigs was being planned,

one of the biggest problems was to try to stay within the Cuban exile community. But there were no trained leaders within that community that we could trust the leadership work to. Manuel la tema was probably as close as we came to a real good military leader. So the agency using land sales contacts, brought people in from around the world but a good number of them from Manila like valeriano was actually magnify size. The deputy when he was president of the Philippines for Special Forces type work on a call civil action or he came over and help work on the Bay of Pigs program along with others. The Bay of Pigs program was really a lot more involved than we ever got a chance to see, because of the unfortunate failure to to do it properly. It had been pretty well carried out and the air support was a function and I mean more or less just the air transport air power drop support, not military type was a function of the CIA's big proprietary airline known as cat or Civil Air Transport for the Pacific Corporation, things like that, though their forces were all brought in for this we we created a special modification of the B 26 bomber for the Bay of Pigs operation and had we been able to use it there it would have done on the most effective job.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:58  
Yeah, and the same goes for RFK as well, who I was extremely gung ho and assassination programs and executive action and stuff like that.

Kantbot  1:26:09  
And the actually the the the, that's the crazy thing about it is that not only were they just like you can't even say that basically they were out of their depth and all this and that they were, you know, the CIA was kind of manipulating the situation, because the reality is that like RFK was like micromanaging this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:30  
And that's what Yeah, he was quite bloodthirsty. He was not a peacenik.

Kantbot  1:26:34  
That's what this you know, the people at the CIA actually disliked about the situation is that they were you know, they wanted to do it their way that they had always done it. Yeah. And then the Kennedy brothers were in there and you are if k was coming in and micromanaging them and just being annoying and pissing them off, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:51  
Yeah. Like, honestly, if you kind of look at like their actions around this the way that they want To like candidates, not the CIA's smoking mirror type operations, it's, you know, very kind of heavy handed. You know, it, it is almost like proto like Neo con foreign policy in a way, which knows, like the ultimate heresy that you could say about the Kennedys, but isn't really that different what they wanted to do, like, you know, what they wanted to do with, like mafia shooters is just what we do with Blackwater today.

Kantbot  1:27:27  
Yeah, it's like, this is a, you know, what, what this all amounts to is that, you know, someone like Kennedy is not a good guy we could talk about just briefly, I'm just going to mention some of the realities about about this guy is that obviously, you know, it's basically accepted, undeniable historical facts that he did a lot to rig the 1960 election that his, you know, Father obviously has kind of notorious ties to the mafia. Oh, yeah. That they you know, this was How basically he JFK got elected is by working these kinds of connections from from his father is that's how he kind of gets entered into politics. You know, if you watch who is that movies, the Irishman?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:15  
Yeah, I haven't seen that. Yeah, that's cut.

Kantbot  1:28:17  
You know, that's not not to get into that whole thing but you know that they briefly have kind of a wink and a nod kind of thing into the JFK thing. And it makes the whole point that this you know, Union truck driver guy was like the assassin of JFK. It's like, that's obviously completely bullshit. Yeah. You know, it doesn't need to go that far. Because, you know, obviously you do have the mafia tied into this in different ways, in the sense that, you know, JFK, he absolutely continued having these connections with different mafia people into his presidency.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:56  
Yeah, right. Right down into like these Cuban operations.

Kantbot  1:28:59  
Yes. That's, you know, unfortunately, you know, he's he he's basically he has all these strings of mistresses that he doesn't you know, they you know they go to these different hotels he goes to places for speaking engagements and you know upstairs he has like you know someone from the mafia and also like a woman that he's he's banging that you know keeping secret and she has to like wait in the bathroom and for him while he's having his like meeting with Gina Gina con or something, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:32  
it's just crazy it kind of skeezy fella.

Kantbot  1:29:35  
Yeah, and obviously he's had a lot of kind of illnesses. He was the kind of a sickly guy but he also did a lot of medications. I was telling you as like he took like a different Yeah, courses of treatment of days using different drugs.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:51  
He was notorious speed freak. Yeah,

Kantbot  1:29:53  
like, so. You basically put it. This is the guy who's actually supposedly in charge of all this and People, you don't want to go you had Tulsi Gabbard right reading this book JFK and the unspeakable and that's the angle that book takes

Unknown Speaker  1:30:08  
for he's like a canonize.

Kantbot  1:30:10  
And that's sort of like, you know you love you want to see people read these books about JFK assassination about the CIA and stuff and you get excited, but then at the same time, it's like that, you know, there's there's, you know, JFK was really a really bad guy.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:26  
Yeah. Yeah. Basically, we have like, a little conflict. Yeah, between like, some pretty just horrible people on all angles of it.

Kantbot  1:30:35  
And that that's kind of how all this gets down into New Orleans and everything is that JFK does not have the most noble intentions. And he certainly knows a lot more about the CIA operations and anyone has been led to believe by the official Kennedy narrative of the you know, prestigious Kennedy family. You know, he he wanted He wanted Castro dead in he wanted to make Khrushchev look bad and he wanted to win. And that that was what really mattered to him. So basically, they go way fucking overboard to accomplish this. Yeah, by setting up this, this whole operation to, like assassinate Castro and what that entails is basically they set up a station in university of Miami's, we're all this is based, right? That's the headquarters of this this overall operation it's you know, very I'm wave jam wave is the code name. And it's very huge there's like 400 Yes, shell companies they made for to give you a sense of the scale to manage all these different things. And you know, all and basically all these low level guys that we're talking about, this is what they're working in. And so we were talking about, I think there's like 3000 people in Miami alone who supposedly we're working on Yeah, with this project in some way. But overall, on the whole South because this is stretching Now, over to New Orleans. There's a whole quarter and then a corridor then going from New Orleans and then into Texas, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:08  
Yeah, there is quite it's like a Dallas, New Orleans Miami circuit.

Kantbot  1:32:13  
And they're running guns through this. And they're, you know, there's a lot going on.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:19  
Yeah, there's

Unknown Speaker  1:32:22  
like a peer set group. The Minutemen are like a militia group. And I think it's really clear that they were using the Minutemen as cover. And I don't think that the Minutemen ever really knew that they were working for the CIA, because there's a guy named Frank Sturgis, who was involved in all of this. He was like best friends with he Howard hunt, but there's an FBI file that says that Sturgis was going by the name Frank ferroni and passing himself off as the number two Commander of the Minutemen and was like soliciting arms and recruiting minute men to like help Cuban exile groups. And so it's like this guy's posing as a leader of the minute man. And you know, there's probably lots of minimum working with him. And we know that that's a Cuban exile training camp, that there were Minutemen who were working there. So like, this whole group probably had no idea that they were in the employ of the CIA, which helps illustrate what we were talking about earlier. It's like they're not they're not relying on all these people. Yes, Joe. These aren't the you know, high level they're not privy to much is that they are

Kantbot  1:33:41  
basically working at more like a corporation right?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:45  
Yeah, that's it. Yeah. It's a particle integrated firm.

Kantbot  1:33:48  
Yeah. And so they that's actually funny too, because I want to first let me make this other points. This whole org is like, this is how it works is that someone like guy Bannister? Who's good guy, bad Minister is that

Unknown Speaker  1:34:00  
who is a madman? Yeah, who

Kantbot  1:34:02  
is a man a man? Who is he? He is a former Chicago FBI guy. He was, you know, basically in charge of the anti communist intelligence in Chicago for the FBI. Yeah. And you have to also understand that this is basically what the FBI was mainly started to do was not to like catch serial killers or anything but to basically catch communists. Then this goes back, you know, bed to 1920 and like the the first Red Scare and the terrorist plots going around that and they started the FBI to basically get the people who are sending out the mail bombs during these anarchic mail bombings and stuff. So that's where the FBI comes from. So that's like, where that's like J. Edgar Hoover's, like, main thing that's like, what he sees that the FBI is doing, right. He has, he did write a book about it even that's as if, you know, I guess not all people have read that but he does have it does not know that. Yeah, it's worth worth checking out. Little known little known classic into the mind of Jagger Hoover

Unknown Speaker  1:35:05  
sounds cool

Kantbot  1:35:06  
but this is so someone like guy Bannister. That's the background that he's he's coming from is that you know, he's integrated into the, you know j Edgar Hoover, kind of loyal loyalists and anti communist and the FBI. He says spying on the communists in Chicago and he you know kind of retires from the FBI and he goes down to New Orleans and he gets involved with the police force there on the job. And he basically he gets fired from that because he draws his service weapon on like a waiter at a restaurant or something because he got his dog so he got fired from that and then basically like a lot of these guys were they're gonna do that if you're a former FBI guy, former cop you kind of burned out you drinking too much. You start you become a private detective.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:59  
Yeah, it's hard boil. Yeah.

Kantbot  1:36:02  
So he's that's what he does. And, you know, he had some people who worked as a little company. And they, you know, you'd think that they were going after, you know, tailing guys to see if they're cheating on their wives or whatever that that kind of privatized small time kind of stuff right. But really what guy Bannister was doing was the you know, he maintained all these contacts the FBI and stuff and basically he was running the guns he was running guns for the like the the some of these training operations and things like that. Yeah, and and he was publicly known for doing this.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:40  
Yeah, and he also he ran like a I

Unknown Speaker  1:36:44  
can't remember the name of it, but like actual, like, organized like anti communist organization that later became the Caribbean chapter of the world anti Communist League, which is like a kind of notorious umbrella. But like terrorists and stuff of that nature,

Kantbot  1:37:02  
yeah. But he's involved not only in that but multiple other organ organizations like the Cuban democratic revolutionary front, the anti Communist League of the Caribbean and friends of democratic Cuba.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:13  
That's the one yeah, that's the one that goes the whack older.

Kantbot  1:37:18  
So these these sorts of like, you, basically it's crazy because this is like, when we're talking about Oswald, and what he's doing is he he's goes from this exile community where they placed him in Fort Worth, he makes all these contacts and then he gets shipped out to New Orleans. Yeah, and you get sent to this work at this Coffee Company

Unknown Speaker  1:37:41  
and this is the environment vote.

Kantbot  1:37:42  
No, yeah. He gets into work at this Coffee Company, which is connected until all this which is employing all of these similar people so that they can have like kind of front jobs or you know, that's that's not what they were doing but they needed like these are their covers, kind of there. Basic jobs.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:01  
Yeah, you move money maybe like yeah, it's Yeah, I don't think they Riley I think that Riley coffee was just basically a phone company.

Kantbot  1:38:09  
Yeah, it doesn't mean there's not a real company that there's people working there who are not involved in it.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:15  
Yeah, well, that's how that's how like CIA, CIA phone companies are actual businesses. I think that people like kind of have a misconception where it's like it's not a real business. It's a facade like Obama's first job was working for one No, it's they do actual business it just so happens that there's like CIA people like and

Kantbot  1:38:33  
this is this is just the same thing as that these are the people who own the company or whatever are in these networks and they get asked to do some favors give these guys a job, right. That's it. Right. So this is but this is where Lee Harvey Oswald goes to work. So he said it was a job here and this is a company where he works is actually within walking distance. There's only a few blocks away from guy banisters office and I mean, this is like for like I said to you, this is for me like kind of like one of these smoking gun kind of things.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:06  
I love this so much like, you can't even come up with this kind of stuff. It's so outrageous, because

Kantbot  1:39:13  
we have this whole idea of Lee Harvey Oswald. What was was doing he he's at this. He's sent to New Orleans. And he makes the office for what's called the fairplay for Cuba Committee, which is a pro Castro organization, right? Yes. And so we're so he first of all, he writes a letter to the head organization of this. And he says, like, I want to open up Office of your organization, a local chapter in New Orleans, and they write him back and say no, like they don't want that. They don't want Lee Harvey Oswald to do this. Yeah. Ad. Basically what happens is he does it anyway will be Harvey Oswald like right back and with some stupid things like fuck, you know, I'm going to do it anyway.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:04  
And so, classically,

Kantbot  1:40:06  
yeah. So where does he decide to set up a office for this? Right? He says that but 544 cam street, and where it is a guy best to have his office when Oh, when she knows and actually basically the same building?

Unknown Speaker  1:40:27  
Yeah.

Kantbot  1:40:29  
This is what you know, one of the only things that kind of people can test about this is that it isn't the same building. But it has two different addresses because there's different front edges.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:41  
Yeah, it's like an intersection like a street intersection. And

Kantbot  1:40:45  
if people this is like the only kind of defense that people have for this conspiracy, is there's just a stupid argument that goes around about whether or not you could actually Access guide banisters office from the other frontage so it was there a way to go from Lee Harvey Oswald's you know phony office to guide manager's office without going outside I guess to the other door or whatever Yeah. Which it does that's you know not enough here because basically at the same building it's not even a big building at all but at the same building you'll have like three other anti Castro organizations working on

Unknown Speaker  1:41:28  
Yeah. Oh.

Kantbot  1:41:31  
If you look at the FBI file on some of those anti Castro groups that are located that they hot day with us guy Bannister to do background checks on people wanting to join their organization. So guy Bannister in these Cuban exile groups, they were very integrated. Like on multiple lines. They were very integrated and you know, this is where guy Bannister has his office. This is a guy who worked for the FBI doing anti communist surveillance, who also is you know, we can I think you know, fairly infer that he's very kind of almost has more paranoia about communism right and that he's, you know if somebody is not going to tolerate some guy moving into this building where he's working doing all these operations now with all these secret groups Yeah. And he's the private detective in this. Yeah, whose is specializes in anti communist surveillance and Lee Harvey Oswald just happens to open up. Yeah, a fair play for Cuba committee like office in this same building. Yeah. And he's all by himself.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:36  
Just to reiterate, guy, Bannister was like directly tied to the people who hired Oswald. Like, that's how close knit this is. Like it's it's, it's 544 camp Street, but it is also the coffee shop and it's also the information Council of the Americas. It's one it's a really clear smooth circuit, how it's working.

Kantbot  1:42:58  
And then this is all cut off. You know, so the movie JFK covers that the only kind of attempt to prosecute anyone for this, and the target of that prosecution was this guy named clay Shaw. And this is, you know, work somebody like clay Shaw comes in, is that the US This is permanent tax, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:20  
Yeah, this is permit x, which is like a CIA. Like, I, I'm not even exactly clear what permatex is exactly, because it's such like a bizarre shadowy like institution, but it it has offices in the US, Canada and Rome, and does at the time was doing work like with David Rockefeller in New York City when he was developing the World Trade Center.

Kantbot  1:43:49  
And also Yeah, we can make the point that this is connected into what's called the International trademark.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:55  
Yeah, in New Orleans. Yeah. Which is like that's like there's like a direct apparently, though. work that they were doing at the World Trade Mart was literally like what inspired Rockefeller to develop the World Trade Center. It was like this doesn't really pertain to what we're talking about, but it's you know, shows you big picture. It's the you know, yeah, you can go very quickly from like skeezy Hard Boiled detectives to like the top of the top

Kantbot  1:44:20  
because this guy running at clay Shaw he's like an intermediary figure and all this because he's, you know, more on the other side of it. But he was a major in the Army during World War Two which you know, is he starting to get a higher up in the org there and he retires and he basically goes to set up this you know, international trademark in New Orleans. Yeah. And this this is the business aspect of it. I was when we were saying before that this whole ob structure and people like guy Bannister, this run more like a corporation is that this goes into the business side of it, which was something like international trademark is that The purpose of that was kind of to connect all these companies together all these corporations who did business in South America and Latin America, right? Yes. And this was basically it was like, I don't know, you can call it a trade association for corporations doing business in this region or whatever it's like, you know, a, as a place where they all come together and pull some resources to do this is some kind of things for like, you know, education, quote, unquote, education of like educating people in South America that the United States companies were good, right? Kind of like propaganda, light propaganda, different stuff like that

Unknown Speaker  1:45:36  
good, soft power, all that good stuff.

Kantbot  1:45:38  
And so they're very concerned, though, with business prospects in you know, south of the border, because obviously, at the same time, this is all about Cuba. And, you know, all these companies getting kicked out of Cuba because of Castro, right, right. And it This goes into a whole kind of the Grand sweep of is that this cube is not the only part of this is that you can also connect in these other countries like Guatemala

Unknown Speaker  1:46:07  
or Haiti, like we, as we were talking about with like the morning show,

Kantbot  1:46:10  
or the Dominican. Yeah. And so you look at like what what happens in Guatemala, right is basically we we do a coup there in order to maintain the authority of the United Fruit Company. And that's the point of it. That's what the CIA does operation PB success. You know, Howard hunts involved in it. You know, this is one of the major well known coups that is covered in CIA history.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:41  
Yeah. And it's really interesting, because when they started and CIA started up these Cuban ops that we're talking about, they directly recycled a lot of the same people that they use for the Guatemalan coup, and Bay of Pigs itself was based directly on how they did Guatemala.

Kantbot  1:46:58  
So this is like they have templates about how they they do these things they developed, right, there's, yeah, there's an overall working kind of background to all this with the CIA what they're doing. And so with like, Guatemala, they do it for the United Fruit Company and who's like the, the lawyer for the United Fruit Company who represents them was solving Cranwell

Unknown Speaker  1:47:24  
our old friends.

Kantbot  1:47:26  
So this is what what we're getting at and I wanted to mention that before now's a good time is that one of the things that I was learning just yesterday was about painting Panama in the history of the Panama Canal. And this stands out to me almost as like the earth kind of black op.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:47  
Yeah, it's like the whole thing wrapped up.

Kantbot  1:47:50  
And this is like maybe the the prototype model for all these different things, all these different operations and the CIA did later. So it's actually solving and chrome? Well, you know, they were the represented the they were the law firm for the French in the company who wanted to build the Panama Canal. And that project failed under the French. And so, Sullivan and Cromwell, the William solvent, he basically wanted to bail his clients out and get them some money back. So his idea to do this was to get America to buy out the company, right? And so he goes to Washington, DC, and he meets with the head of the Republic, the RNC who was a senator and you know, he was a closely knit guy into the McKinley presidency. And he meets this guy, he gives him a bribe of $60,000, which is like, you know, $2 million in with inflation. He gives it the head of the RNC like $2 to basically steer Congress toward This, this Panam a plan, because at the same time, they're debating whether or not to just start a whole new thing, a whole new a whole new canal project in Nicaragua, Nicaragua, right. And so you know, Cromwell, he doesn't want that. He wants the US to take over the existing project in Panama and buy it out. And so he bribes that to get it underway. And then the run into this problem based on that it's like, Okay, well, Colombia, at that time controlled Panama. And so Colombia wants to get like a royalty or fee or something for letting the us manage this very, like big lucrative canal. And, you know, as any good lawyer would for his clients, he's he's like, No, no, we're gonna get a better deal than that. We can do better than that. So how does he get them a better deal? Well, actually, he stages a revolution in Panama. And then he sets it up so that the US then sends it the US sends warships to basically threaten the whole situation that they're like we are. We're America. We love freedom. And this is we're gonna support this free Panama revolution. So you better back off Colombia. And basically that just sets it up so that the US forces has battleships there and forces everybody to sign a tree that says the US gets to own Panama forever. And so that's the the history of the Panama Canal.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:26  
It's really messed up like it is. It is so brazen and cynical that it's, it's hard to like believe. But that is the exact same model that you see in like Guatemala, because there was a US instigated revolution, and there were us battleships that were moved in to like, you know, defend the freedom of Guatemala. And so, this it becomes important because you start realizing that

Kantbot  1:50:52  
the first kind of models of these ops that were done, this was like, long before the FBI even existed. The US didn't have that. Have an intelligence capacity at this time at all. Yeah. And so before any of this happen is like, Who were the original CIA? It's, you know, businessmen and lawyers, like, yeah, it's lawyers, it's solvent and crown well, and so it actually makes a lot of sense that, you know, Allen Dulles is from a partner at Sullivan and Cromwell and that this is how he kind of sets up to see I hate to operate when he takes control of it.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:23  
Yeah, every operation that you can look at that takes place under Dulles does follow, like, that name, template, like, you know, we talked about like Guatemala, like what what, you know, look at bay of pigs like the air support that was supposed to happen, it's the same thing. Just again, and again and again.

Kantbot  1:51:43  
So it's, like you said, very vertically integrated and how this operation works. And it's also much larger scale than I think people would. Yeah, kind of recognizes that we're not talking about DS, the Lee Harvey Oswald guy, Bannister, David ferry and there's like the whole shebang Or what, uh, you

Unknown Speaker  1:52:00  
know, they're just big players like on this grand stage that's being drawn out

Kantbot  1:52:06  
and includes all these different organizations, and a lot of them, you know, are privy to very little of the overall picture. And a lot of them are just working as contractors. You know, these are just corporate contractors that, you know, they need somebody to do a service for them. So they hire different private eyes to do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:24  
Right. Yeah. And then or in, in the case of like, the Minutemen. That's just an ideological motivation, because these people are, you know, like the most extreme of the anti communists. They think that, you know, the State Department, the United Nations and the CIA itself are all communist organizations. And so they see themselves as the vanguard fighting. So when somebody is like, we're going to go, we're going to train these Cubans, and they're going to retake Cuba. You know, that sounds great to them.

Kantbot  1:52:57  
And so yeah, you know, it's it's all set up in this in this This very particular way, and very intentionally and this is basically what they're doing at the highest level of this because we who's on the higher level who's running all of this, and there's two people, one of the military and one at the CIA who are in charge. Yeah. And the guy at the military is this person in Ed Lansdale.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:22  
Just a wild guy, and the guy.

Kantbot  1:53:26  
So I mean, maybe just talk about Ed Lansdale first is that he is the guy who basically came up with the US strategy for counterinsurgency.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:35  
Yeah. And like basically like the father of like cyber war.

Kantbot  1:53:42  
Yeah, he's like, you're one of those guys. And then he goes, uh, he did also for the Philippines first because we're obviously involved in that Civil War. Of course, if you don't know that we were if there was a civil war in this Philippines and

Unknown Speaker  1:53:56  
Yeah, actually, like, there's really interesting Episode with landsdale in the Philippines, where he made a point dislike study the answer pot, like do anthropological studies, he discovered that like the villagers on the opposing side or whatever, were terrified of, like I said, like local folklore about vampires. So Lansdale and his men, they take bodies of the soldiers, they have killed, puncture holes in their necks and drain their blood out and then hang them from trees. So the villagers see this and it kind of activates this folklore. And, you know, it spreads panic and fear and just basically creates, you know, like a, like an ontological destabilization of their reality. You know, because nobody really believes the folklore that they you know, are immersed in, you know, but here it is the physical reality. The vampires are here, and the social order itself begins to break down. And that's the environment that you execute your calendar and surgeon See strategy. And so this is the kind of stuff that landfills up to.

Kantbot  1:55:03  
Yeah, this is Ed Lansdale great guy. And so this is kind of like what he starts doing and then basically they look at and they say this is great Atlanta still, you're amazing. So why don't why don't you go over and do this in Indochina? Right. And of course, this is before really, uh, you know, there's no there's any official, hostile You know, this is before LBJ comes in and Vietnam really starts to develop because basically, you know, we had been in Vietnam for a really long time because we were kind of blackmailed by the French to help them and their Indochina War. Yeah, we're basically they said, The we're gonna go to the Soviets, we're not going to be friends with the US as much anymore if you don't support us holding on to Vietnam. And so we help them do that. We we've financed that and we set up you know, people But can I help them out there from our intelligence organizations, and we sort of got our foothold in Vietnam, right. And then, basically the First Indochina War, kind of like fucked up with the French. And that becomes even more significant. We'll talk about that a little bit. But the US is put in this position, where everybody agrees that they're going to basically have a vote between North and South Vietnam. And they're going to reintegrate and they're going to elect a unified government as they set a deadline for this, huh. And this is how the US part the US Indochina War begins is that when it gets that point to where we all agreed to do that the US has no Well, how about we actually no, we're we don't feel like that anymore. So we just, you know, retain South Vietnam and then, you know, posture, this whole thing like, we're protecting it from being invaded by communists or whatever. It's like, well, I don't know

Edburg  1:57:01  
One of the most momentous decisions in the early part of the Vietnam War. And I hate to say war in the beginning, because the Vietnam War really started on September 2 1945, when hochiminh got up on a platform in Hanoi and read the declaration of the independence of Vietnam, written almost the same as our own declaration, and on one side was a US Army Major General named Gallagher. And on the other side, as I said earlier, an OSS man named Kony, and we're supplying his weapons. But the objective then was to round up the Japanese and get the Japanese residual, the remaining forces out of your thumb, and the plan was ended, the British would move in and gradually bring order to Vietnam, hoping to keep the French out because the Teheran conference, and earlier commerce had ruled against the continuation of colonialism. It didn't work the French got back in. So we switched Our support from Hoshi men to the French and we began to fight the man we supported. And when the French were defeated at the Indian food, they were defeated with American weapons, which a lot of people would know but haven't thought much about saying. So the decisions to do this were done covertly. And the CIA brought people in and what was called the Saigon military mission. It was not very often in Saigon, it was not military. And it had more to do with the Vietnam War, probably than anything else. And that mission was headed by Edward G. Lansdale as a colonel in those days, with many others whose names we've heard throughout the period of Vietnam all without realizing the enormously important role that they played, when that mission was established. In 1954. Our troops didn't land in Vietnam till 65. So it was all a CIA operation from 54 to 65. Who were some of these people, Vice closest man, of course. Was Conan and then bohannan bohannan was an army officer I believe in those days Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Aaron Dell but he was on what we would call the psychological warfare the civil affairs psychological warfare side. Rufus Philips, Michael Hand, so much money was being made illegally in Vietnam. They couldn't all be sent home so they had to put it somewhere they put it in this Australian bank, the bank had over a billion dollars when the United States had only about $15 billion banks in the country. The man running it then half of it anyway was Michael Hand. So you see the roles that work themselves through those structure of what we call the Vietnam War. Were some of them rather interesting.

Kantbot  1:59:40  
But this is this is kind of the background of where Lansdale is coming from is.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:44  
Have you read Um, I think it's Alfred McCoy's politics of heroin. No. Okay. This is kind of off topic, but you should definitely check this out because he's got like crazy information about how like Lansdale did. As operations there, the dude literally fought a war against French intelligence in the streets of Saigon. Oh, my God,

Kantbot  2:00:09  
this is like the crazy. They just get so crazy at this point because, yeah, we have Ed land still. And so he does us in the Philippines. Then he does it. He goes over and he works in, you know, Vietnam, developing similar projects, and then he basically gets promoted. Right? Yeah. And he gets brought back to Washington DC to kind of do top level stuff. Yeah. And he gets put in charge of operation monk who's on the Pentagon side.

Unknown Speaker  2:00:35  
Yeah. And the other side is William Harvey, of the CIA.

Kantbot  2:00:42  
Who is

Unknown Speaker  2:00:44  
which, like, have you looked at like the zR rifle stuff? I yeah,

Kantbot  2:00:48  
it's like a like,

Unknown Speaker  2:00:50  
like, I find this like so William Harvey was put in charge of the CIA's executive order. Yeah, the executive order like assassination. And it was codenamed zR rifle. I didn't realize this zR rifle. He was put in charge of it by Richard Bissell. Yet our OSS Ford Foundation CIA guy utu bay of pigs, puts William Harvey in charge of zR rifle in the same month that longus is initiated.

Kantbot  2:01:22  
So this is like the whole thing of how this begins to take shape. Yeah, and this is basically where we start getting into because actually Lee Harvey Oswald is entering very late into this scene. Yeah, it's been going on for like, this is kind of he's like they're on like the wind down. And that says one interesting thing about it is that they bring him in on this, but it's kind of like, you know, it's over. Because at this point, actually Allen dollars, you know, they're out.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:53  
Yeah, and Campbell, Charles Campbell's out.

Kantbot  2:01:56  
And these these are the people who got fired by JFK. Over kind of these fuck ups Hmm. And they're not they're definitely not happy about this. No. Because and another another part about it is Ed Lansdale also leaves and he goes directly to work for the CIA rather than the D o d, right? Right. And so there's there's a kind of a whole movement going on there were all these guys who had traditionally run the CIA and all this stuff from the high level is that they get kind of the boot by a JFK and basically someone like Oliver Stone he interprets this in a way where it's like JFK realized how evil this stuff is and he wanted to get rid of it and yeah, it's not it's not really that's not the case because basically, like we said, the Kennedys were heavily pushing for a lot of this stuff. And you know, RFK was micromanaging it. And so you what they wanted to do was pin the blame on somebody. Right. And they wanted Dallas to take the fall basically. Yeah. And so Dallas is obviously not happy about this. So basically he starts having all these, you know, his compatriots and former underlings come and visit his home in Georgetown.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:28  
So why,

Kantbot  2:03:29  
and this so he bet they have all these private little meetings at his Georgetown house. And this is basically when we're talking about this whole conspiracy. This is this is the core of it. This is like these are the more that these are the people who didn't know this kind of stuff. And so all the other people were talking about is they don't know this level of information about what the overall project is or what's going on, right.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:55  
And these are like it's, it's Dulles. It's cabling It's korsmeyer E. Howard hunt. And who else?

Kantbot  2:04:07  
I want to find I'm just trying to find the actual like, yeah, little passage here because he there's a part that says more people who are named at this. I mean, this is like, the crazy the crazy part about it what of what they're doing. Because you know this, these are the only people have to know and this is kind of the overall theory of the CIA and how it works that we've kind of set up here is because none of the people in any of the other levels, they don't know the full program, they only know as we keep reiterating, they only have certain instructions to do something at a certain time. Mm hmm. And so there you can conceive of it like a computer, a punch card computer. And so, and this is the point we haven't mentioned him yet. We talked I talked about Among the previous shows, Fletcher Prouty, yeah who he was working with landsdale in the same office, I think lanzones is like his direct boss or something. So they This is the he wrote this book called The Secret team and in the secret team, he keeps reiterating this point, hammering it over and over again, that Allen does basically considered a this whole thing to be kind of a set system of inputs and outputs. And the point was for it to operate in kind of an automatic way where you would input certain events into it like there's you know, some strife going on in third world country and you know, there's some rebels and they're attacking the government and that's the input and then the output is like to invade the country as a huge CIA Operation Build up Yeah, to you know, get it's like this is and this kind of explains like, why the CIA why I love what they do seem so stupid, because there is there isn't really a plan. There's not Like a intelligence behind it at all.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:02  
It's like a system that like systems theoretical framework and inputs and outputs like that cybernetics.

Kantbot  2:06:10  
And I mean, this is something I'm good at, I have to research more and develop this, this whole thing about it because if you look at his Allen dos biographies, it's like, does Allen Dulles know about cybernetics? Does he know about systems theories? Like does he know anything about that? And they don't deal with this at all? Because the the type of people who are interested in Allen does and write books about them are not really tucked into the other side of you know, all these RAND Corporation systems theories, kinda kind of things. Right. But this is basically how Fletcher Prouty and the secret team describes the standard operating mold of how the CIA operates as a whole is that there's a systems theory behind it where it's automatic, and basically you get this situation where it's just developing all this crazy shit all the time. And at the very high level, you have delis, you have Angleton, you have dick Helms and these kinds of people and they are put in a position to author Black Ops based on this. And they they get to decide they get to basically set it up at that point using all these different assets that are developed. So with like mongoose like we said, you have this gigantic organization set up with all these different little guys in it. None of them really are that consequential. They're a little you know, these are the characters and these guys are authors. And you know, this is he Howard hunt, he's writing a spy novels and you know, Angleton has this kind of like high modernist kind of aesthetic sensibility. And, you know, these guys are writing basically these black ops as if there's a little novellas set in a shared fictional universe, basically.

Unknown Speaker  2:07:58  
Right. Yeah. It's like you they use this like combinatorial method of like working it.

Kantbot  2:08:05  
I think that's, you know, basically how it works is you have this punch card system of like a program for these black ops. And each person involved has only a limited set of instructions or one set of instructions. Yeah, like on a punch card, where it's like the code is transferred into these little holes on a card and fed into computer and each card has one line of code on it and you put them all through the program runs. And if you mix up the cards, if you drop them, then you can't put it all back together again, put them in order. It's not that easy. Because you're talking about however many hundreds of cards and so this is this is kind of the beauty of all this is that it's a you know, this is how the CI works is you when they want to do something to assassinate Kennedy. This is all they have to do is basically tell certain people they tell Oswald like okay You're gonna go work in this book depository, you're going to go to this movie theater at a certain time, right? He doesn't have to know anything. They tell David fairy who's like a contractor David fairy is just like a you know, he's like, I'm Steven, who's the guy who did the Las Vegas one. Shooting? Oh, Steven paddock, Steven paddock. This guy, he was a pilot like that, right? And people have gone after and tried to find the register numbers on his planes and they found CIA connections and stuff is like, the point of that is that the CIA does use a lawful pilots to do stuff. Oh, yeah, that's who David ferry was. And

Unknown Speaker  2:09:37  
they got so many like,

Unknown Speaker  2:09:40  
companies and those companies all swap planes between each other and pass them through any intermediary groups. And

Kantbot  2:09:47  
so yeah, David ferries, just a little contractor on a you know, these these projects and they they ring them up and they say, okay, David, can you go to Dallas on this day, and wait at this roller rink, We're gonna maybe have a package for you to pick up.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:02  
Mm hmm. And he doesn't know what's going on.

Kantbot  2:10:05  
Yeah. And this is what happens over and over again, with all these different things. All the different people who are typically connected in with this assassination. They're just like these little characters in this, this drama. And so you look at like Lee Harvey Oswald's whole life you go back to the Russian stuff and you realize that it's like this has been written for him and that, you know, nobody knew how it was going to end when it started. Yeah, like angle 10 you pick this guy out of the stack of paperwork. As like the the vehicle to do this, this little mole hunt and Lee Harvey Oswald never really knew what his purpose was and all this but once you did it, they just kept sending him around and using them as as needed.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:52  
Yeah. Like and I really do think that like when you look at how he gets passed when he first arrives in Dallas, between all these characters, I think it really makes clear like the description you're using, because he does literally it's perfectly sequential. You know, it's like a level in a video game like Grand Theft Auto or something when you go work for somebody, and they have you go work for them, and then work for somebody else. Do you not like, you know, it's Oh, it's more in Shelton, then it's, you know, oh, we're at this party. And then it's, you know, this person, then it's the pains and then it's Oh, often New Orleans. And and this

Kantbot  2:11:28  
is why it was important when you were kind of pointing out that the movements of certain people are corresponding with Oswald's movements. Yes. Yeah. I think that that's really clear, is that the point is, is not that there's a direct connection or anything, it's like this more that that this is just a guy who's like, the character that they have these being passed around, and they're there. He's just following them and they're just saying, Yeah, you know, picking them up and dropping them off at certain places and just using him in a completely instrumentalized way.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:00  
Yeah, and you know, he's, you know, assuming that it was a mole hunter like whatever it was this is a guy who did go to Russia and defect and then come back. Of course you're going to use him and other operations in which you need somebody who looks like a communist.

Kantbot  2:12:15  
Yeah, then that's so important. Cuz they didn't set it up that like, Boswell starts out, like we were saying is just as this kind of like, barely literate guy who is kind of like pushing people around and being an ass and pretend and like, every once in a while he kind of like bullies people by being communists and he says some stupid shit. Right? Right. And somebody and you know, at this Air Force Base, they pick up on this and they start being like, Okay, well, we'll give you a course in Russian and we have a special mission for you, right? And he never even knows what it is. He goes over there to Russia and this whole thing plays out and he's completely used and then he sent back into the United States and putting this emigre committee community and it's like they write his character as it goes along and they're like oh well now we have this communist guy well maybe we can do some cool stuff with that. So yeah they they they treat it in this completely fictional way like they're just writing the story for this guy based on you know as it goes along

Unknown Speaker  2:13:21  
it's kind of horrifying in a way when you really like patch it together and think about like, you know, I mean this guy's reality this entire reality was just, you know, an environment shaped by these people.

Kantbot  2:13:34  
Because you can look at when then what he was actually doing in New Orleans when he was there and guy banisters offices office is that he was doing this whole thing with I'm posing still as a pro Castro person. So he was going around handing out leaflets for his Castro. org.

Unknown Speaker  2:13:52  
Yeah, the fairplay for Cuba committee.

Kantbot  2:13:54  
It's like he went to the Soviet Union and he was so disillusioned He had to come back. And why would he go through this? And he goes into this anti Soviet emigrate community. And it's like, how does he just go straight and just make up this stupid office, New Orleans to do this?

Unknown Speaker  2:14:13  
And I'm also I'm not really clear on the exact timeline. But he in the time he's in New Orleans, he also does make contact with a left wing anti Castro group. Yeah, I think it's called the germ. I don't know what it stands for. But it's JUR II and they're like, kind of like a social democratic anti Castro org. And so it's like, he's not only is he you know, does he go, you know, deep x from Russia, or go comes back from Russia. This solution with communism, hangs out with Nazi aristocrats goes and poses as a pro Castro, you know, activist, but at the same time, he's also, you know, kind of getting around these anti Castro people and it's like, it's completely innocent. system,

Kantbot  2:15:01  
it doesn't make any sense. And so it's just like this is the point of is that he's, he's being led around by the nose and being told that he's doing some kind of like intelligence work. As we seen the guy is like basically incompetent in a lot of ways. Mm hmm. And so the whole idea that Lee Harvey Oswald is in the know in any way is inconceivable in my mind because why would if you're so we're talking about that the Elon does his house in Georgetown, right and he has all these meetings right after he gets fired. And he's meeting with like a like we said Charles cable, Frank Wisner Angleton Helms, cord Meyer, Desmond Fitzgerald, Howard hunt, and in mckown, and at this, and this is kind of like where it's getting set up. Yeah. And this is an early 63. And this is actually when you know He's Lee Harvey Oswald is actually going to New Orleans.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:03  
Yeah, it's like that exact time period because he's there through he goes New Orleans in April late April, and he's there through the summer. And interestingly enough all the stuff he does with like the fair play for Cuba committee happens during his employment with the Riley Coffee Company. And after a lot of those big episodes, there's a few more but after the big episodes, he is let go from the company.

Kantbot  2:16:33  
And then, you know, after this and this is like in September, who I think is when he sort of leaves New Orleans Yeah, so it's sort of like a weird whole episode for him to even go to New Orleans in the first place. Get this ram job at coffee companies bs Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:47  
I cannot find a single explanation for why he decided this quote unquote, decided to go to New Orleans

Kantbot  2:16:54  
and it's only for like three months only for just the summer.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:57  
Yeah, any document like any like thanks. the Warren Commission or FBI report just as quote unquote, he decided to go to New Orleans. And then he basically he then he goes immediately from there and he goes to Mexico, and maybe he goes to Mexico.

Kantbot  2:17:11  
Yeah, well, you know, I think I think that he did go to Mexico. But basically there's this whole idea of, yeah, at that point, he actually wants to go and go to Cuba. And he goes to Mexico and tries to gain admittance into Cuba, like he did with the Soviet Union, but they didn't, you know, didn't go for it this time.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:28  
Yeah. And the CIA, has people at that embassy and I dug, that information does end up in that file that we talked about at the beginning.

Kantbot  2:17:39  
So from there, then he goes back to he goes to Dallas.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:44  
Yeah, he goes back to Dallas. And I guess, I'd like to mention that there's like some really interesting transits that are happening between New Orleans in Dallas, while Oswald is in in New Orleans. So like when we're talking about the New Orleans based, anti Cuban, or anti Castro Cuban exile operations, they were operated out of the base, like a training base at Lake Pontchartrain. And it was managed by a group called enter pan. That's the inter continental penetration force. Ridiculous. But it's it is part of the International anti communism Brigade, which is run by Frank Sturgis, who was the guy that we said was posing as a minute man. So you can kind of see like the chain of command. Frank Sturgis is at JM wave. You go down, you have his brigade go down, you have enter pan and then you have this training base. And so there's three people mainly who are involved in Japan, all three are like Minutemen affiliates. There's Gary Hemmings, Lauren Hall, and william seymour. And the whole time that Oswald is in New Orleans, these characters are going to Dallas. repeatedly, they go and starting in June actually in January of 63, they go to meet with Dallas oil man named Lester Logue. And Lester low gives them money says that he's going to give them money to set up an intelligence command center and put him put them in touch with other Dallas oil men. And he sends them to see Edwin Walker. And Edwin Walker is like this big john birch like hero to the Minuteman guy. He got put in a mental institution like by the Kennedys after instigating the old ms race riots. And so he's like rabidly anti Kennedy. And so these guys will enter Penn are going to him and like, give us you know, hey, give us money for this Cuban ops and he won't do it. Because he's scared of the Kennedys. He's like, Oh, no, I'm gonna like paper. To do speeches at home, and so they keep going back repeatedly. And I think it's really interesting because Edwin Walker is the guy that Oswald allegedly shoots ads. And 1963. We are detail. I don't know what to make of that. Actually,

Kantbot  2:20:14  
I don't even Yeah, it's just like, but overall, you have this whole pictures like, this is all happening over a relatively short timeframe. Yeah. Which I think maybe people don't realize is that we're talking about Dallas, New Orleans and Mexico and Lee Harvey Oswald going around. He's not really just doing this like kind of leisurely, like, he's not like a drifting around. It's sort of like, is he being ushered around really quickly between a bunch of different places? Yeah. No, it's crazy. Less than a year we're talking about, like, May to November is all this is happening. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:20:49  
yeah. And you mentioned the Mexico episode, and it's during the Mexico episode that Lauren Hall and william seymour are in Dallas. Once again. They go to the house of Sylvia. Eau de oh do i'm not sure, who is a Cuban exile. And they say that they want to raise money for the group that the left wing anti Castro group, the one that Oswald was trying to get into in New Orleans. And they have a guy with them named Leon Oswald. And Sylvia later like faints when she sees the news because Leon Oswald is identical to Lee Harvey Oswald. And he's with these Minutemen guys now. And it's like, is this Oswald? They can't be because Oswald's in Mexico isn't Oswald look like if so, why? And this all goes before the Warren Commission, and the Warren Commission believes her story and it's left unresolved.

Kantbot  2:21:46  
And that's how a lot of it and that's how a lot of it is, is. It's like, it's so ridiculous. how these things work. It's like this kind of like, it's all distraction. Yeah. Because none of this matters because this is the fiction that's being created. Have it in. None of these people know Yeah, none of these. Oswald is a almost like functionally like he's not able to do these things. They're not using him to do anything. Yeah, like they're just setting all these things going around to create kind of like the the fiction there. This is the novella of the JFK. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:20  
Yeah. And this is skipping ahead a little bit. I think it just it this is the perfect time to mention it is the guy who went Oswald, you know, allegedly shoots Kennedy. There's only one of two places in Dallas where he can get the ammo. And one of the guys had unloaded all that ammo on to another guy named Thomas Mason. Now, Thomas Mason also is a minute man. And he gets busted on November 20, just two days before the assassination by the ATF because he's running guns to Cuban exiles. And he tells the ATF that they're preparing for a raid at the end of November and Cuba. And like he's literally tied into the same enter pen, Lake Pontchartrain people. But what's more is that he is identical to Oswald. And when the like you can look at the statement of the ATF agent who arrested him Ellsworth, when he sees Oswald getting arrested. He literally thinks that it's Thomas Mason and Thomas Mason is somehow out of jail. And it's chocolate press.

Kantbot  2:23:24  
So you can you can actually, you can actually see though, but this is this is the thing is that how these are being operated is that it's not like, they'll come up with a plan, like really specific, it's all kind of like more developmental, where they're developing all these little threads and they don't necessarily know which direction is going to go in.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:42  
You just you get anomalies. I guess. It's like the perfect way to say these things like the plot plot holes, unresolved plot threads, yeah. Or, you know, in a way, like the other ways, like it's almost like that, like, you know, literary high modernist Yeah, like it's doubles and it's mistaken identity and it's like, You know, destabilization of identity and all these things like,

Kantbot  2:24:04  
because all they're really like, at the end of the day, then is that we want to talk more just now about the actual assassination event is when you actually look at basically kind of who had to be involved and who was doing what it's like, basically a lot of 20 days before the assassination, you have the assassination of cm, and Vietnam. Yes. And basically, we Vietnam is getting so fucked up that basically we our own our own guy who's running Vietnam, in order to replace him, right. And so Ed Lansdale is asked to replace or to go back over to Vietnam and basically continue his work there with a new people thank God coming in. This is JFK is doing this like this is not as Yeah, this is not a good guy. He's assassinating the presidency of Vietnam and because he's Not doing good job and they want another puppet. And they asked landsdale to help go and do that over there. And Ed Lanza was actually he developed a friendship with Zim when he was in Vietnam. He that's who he had been working with during his time there.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:15  
Yeah, he did all kinds of crazy shit getting him into power. Like he played a bunch of gangs like Saigon street gangs off each other to like, wipe all of them like out and kind of somehow pave the road for that, that leader to come to power.

Kantbot  2:25:30  
And, I mean, you can see how basically, JFK is really pissing all these guys off. Because Atlanta still he's, you know, he is informed about this, and then this leads directly to him, you know, basically getting fired or quitting or something from the the D o d, and he basically goes right in to take a job at CIA. Yes, yeah. And so then this is 20 days before the assassination, that he's Assassin as a museum is assassinated, and is So you sourcers chart start to see how it comes together where it's like spring you know 63 all these guys meet at Dulles his house. And they're just you know, upset because they basically know that Kennedy is kind of a phony and that RFK was a you know, micromanaging all these ops and the Kennedy was like ranting on speed about how he wants like Castro, Devin Sheldon Kennedy's playing it off in the media and stuff in a very different way where he's like, well, the CIA is like, they were manipulating me and I'm gonna have to take action, you know, stuff

Unknown Speaker  2:26:34  
like that, but I'm gonna break them up and shatter them or whatever the quote is, and they

Kantbot  2:26:39  
Yeah, and they sort of know like, Okay, well, you're just as bad as us. And we were already pissed off at you, because you basically fucked up all these ops by not doing what we said, and we're the experts and you're not and you're RFK can't come in and tell us what to do like that. You know, that's our job. So they're already pissed at that and then they have to take the blame for it and they're pissed about that. That's, I really think that like, that's basically why that's the only reason she got

Unknown Speaker  2:27:04  
assassinated. No, I totally agree. Like, you know, it's it's kind of few Todd like points at any one thing. But when you step back and you look at like, you know, things were really sliding sideways pretty much across the board at this point. Which is funny because it's like, right in like this kind of clause I thought period. Yeah. Thanks, Rob. Things are up in the air. Really? Yeah. You know, there's like competing schools of foreign policy, you know, like, peaceful coexistence versus containment. But like, it's actually a lot more complex even in that there's various like mixtures and subdivisions. So there's lots of factions and state departments and different agencies all buying and that's all part of the same environment as well.

Kantbot  2:27:48  
And you do take this step back and you sort of just come very, is becomes kind of clear in my mind. Is that who Fletcher Prouty has a basically an eye You know, pointed out that landsdale was in Dallas on the 22nd. And, yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  2:28:08  
like there. There's another guy who was in land sales team who actually wrote a letter to Prouty, like, I saw this picture of what's Lansdale doing? Like, you know, the like. So there's other people who have independently of one another id landsdale. in that photograph, and

Kantbot  2:28:27  
who does he Howard hunt, identify as the so these are like two major when we talk about like, Well, nobody could keep a secret of all this really well, all the low level people could, you know, they don't know anything to begin with. Right. But at the top level were so much actually much smaller group of people at the CIA people who met at the Dallas houses, like even they weren't able to keep secrets, because you have Fletcher Prouty, identifying a Ed Lansdale, and you also have Howard hunt identifying court Meyer and William J. Harvey. Yeah. As the as Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:07  
Yeah. So like people do talk people have talked.

Kantbot  2:29:10  
And these are the BIOS. Honestly, these are the guys who, who ran the ran the OP from the higher level. Yeah, and don't know really there's not that mysterious and then it's like then

Unknown Speaker  2:29:23  
it's not and honestly like, you know maybe it's like kind of disappointing to say that like they've are the culprits, you know, whatever or whatever have been identified, but like a lot of the stuff we've looked at really does kind of mesh seamlessly with what these people are saying,

Kantbot  2:29:41  
cuz you can look at it, you can look at it. And one of the crazy things that we noticed was that, you know, obviously, Charles cables one of the guys who had to take the fall for Cuba, he got fired along with Alan Doss. He's a big Alan dos loyalist Yaki, and he's at these meetings. And then who did you say again was his brother,

Unknown Speaker  2:30:02  
the the mayor of Dallas. And so you asked who, which also, in 2017, they finally released the file showing that the mayor of Dallas Charles, his brother, Earl, was also he had CIA clearances. So he was like,

Kantbot  2:30:21  
he, of course, is his brothers. He's the mayor of Dallas and his brother as a general who is the Deputy Director of the CIA. Yeah, of course. Yeah. It's like, but you asked me the other night, it's like, oh, can you look up? Because you wanted me to look up this list of the people who had these meetings with dogs, right. These are recorded guests. So that it's like,

Unknown Speaker  2:30:41  
Yeah, I was looking for capital.

Kantbot  2:30:43  
You were you wanted to know Charles Campbell's there. And so I was looking for and I also found at the same time, like okay, yeah, Charles capitals at this meeting was at the Dallas house. But, you know, actually, it turns out that Dulles himself went to Texas. met with his brother to make

Unknown Speaker  2:31:04  
sure

Unknown Speaker  2:31:06  
we know like what the meeting was about. And no because it's all blacked out on schedule. Oh, of course it is. Of course it is.

Kantbot  2:31:14  
But then you can also then point out like, the when it comes like okay, well who who's actually doing it that who did the shooting or whatever. And then that turns out to be just like, it's not even that complicated. You look at it's like, okay, so he Howard hunt goes he's in in the spring when all this stuff is happening and getting started and being planned as he meets with this guy in Madrid. Yeah, this OAS guy. Yeah. And this is like, you know, oh my god.

Unknown Speaker  2:31:43  
Yeah. It's dawn sutra. sutra. Like, I wanna say sutra. Yeah, who is this guy? Who I guess he's trying to like, get CIA support for the OAS. But like, He meets with Howard hunt. And then if you look in his timeline, like, shortly thereafter, he's at Lake Pontchartrain with the Cuban exiles. So he's in the New Orleans mix. Like, it's, you know, it's there.

Kantbot  2:32:16  
Yeah, the thing is, and the thing is it just gets so built up. Because if you look at what, what is the OAS, I don't know if a lot people probably don't know what exactly we're talking about, right? Yeah. Is that kind of actually, you know, what, do you want to take a little break just for a little bit? I think the dog has to go out and get a little worked up here. If you want. Do you want to take like maybe 15 minutes?

Unknown Speaker  2:32:39  
Sure. I can put my phone on the charger because I think it's running low. Yeah.

Kantbot  2:32:44  
And we'll and we'll, we'll run it down from there. And we're already like two and a half hours. So there's so much to talk about.

Unknown Speaker  2:32:50  
I know we're running long, but you know what, it's totally worth it.

Kantbot  2:32:52  
Yeah, I know. I think we're we're doing a really good job and we're getting now we don't have much to cover left. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:58  
we're in the big ship. Now. We're The thick of it, we can just, you

Kantbot  2:33:01  
know, wrap it up and get all the actual tax of it down. So I'm just gonna run the dog out. I'll send you messages that don't want them back.

Unknown Speaker  2:33:13  
Okay, sounds great. Okay, great.

Edburg  2:33:21  
You see, by that time in history, the British Empire had been built on the control of see they were able to drive ships around the world. They knew the world was a sphere. flagpole had gone out. But knowing that the world is a sphere is a very important thing for mankind. That means its surface is finite. And if it's finite, then there's not more space over there and more there is

Unknown Speaker  2:33:47  
just so much so they began immediately to

Edburg  2:33:50  
inventory Earth and this was one of the jobs to the East India companies and small office, who taught at Haileybury college, which was East in New York. College was the director of economics there. And it was his job where he was the first person ever assigned to the job of inventory in the earth. Where does it come from? Where does iron come from? and so on. And in the process, they began to find out how many different people or we're in a world, how many different types of people how many races and where everything would begin to map the world. Well, that's a very important function. But it leads you to one more thing that has governed relationship between countries Ever since then, because Malta's came up with this idea that the population is growing ever so much faster than the ability to raise food, and therefore it wouldn't be long before mankind would run out of food and there would be a terrible loss of life. And it was very convenient that Darwin came along, working for the same employer, the East India Company with the idea that, well, life is a race for the survival of the fittest anyway, and so the fittest survive. Now those two theories, which are propaganda sort of made it legal for the people who invaded the colonialists to kill off a couple hundred thousand people, because first of all, they probably weren't gonna get eat anyway. And certainly they weren't the fittest because they're not alive. Now they're dead were the fittest. It's backed up the idea of this proprietary colonialism that swept the world, from that period, right on up into the 19th century and in some respects, applies today because look what's going on in Europe. Look what went on in Vietnam, where hundreds of thousands of people were killed. And the feeling was, you know, what they used to call the mere goof idea that, well, it doesn't matter. They're not they're not going to live anymore. It's a very powerful underpinning to the civilization to

Kantbot  2:36:01  
Okay, so we got, we're getting kind of heated there. We are building up. So yeah, I guess you take a break there, I took the dog out. And

Unknown Speaker  2:36:10  
yeah, my throat hurt a little bit. Yeah, got glass of water.

Kantbot  2:36:15  
So basically, at this point, I guess we've kind of gone through, we want to just kind of three parts to this. And first to look at basically Oswald, and build in into the next part where we sort of get into all the different characters that he's involved with, and kind of what he does after Russia, and that then build up a picture of that kind of organization that he was in and how that worked. And now we're going to try to hit the last part and actually just talk about the day of the assassination. And that's when we're now we're getting into that through Lansdale and through Harvey and through you know, Meyer and this is like, now we're getting to Dealey Plaza here.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:58  
Yeah, ground zero.

Kantbot  2:37:00  
And, you know, I've always thought this was like, you know, obviously most people would assume this would be like the starting point of talking about this, but I always feel like this is almost like inconsequential a lot of the details of Dealey Plaza and like, the magic bullet and the rifle and you know, that that sort of thing. I

Unknown Speaker  2:37:18  
Oh, yeah, I'm like the same way. Like, that's interesting, but it's more the like, I guess what we'd call like the social side. Yeah. These how operations but also like, the context through which the operations unfold. I think that you know, you can go all day with like, a magic bullet ricocheting and weird angles.

Kantbot  2:37:41  
And, yeah, people really miss the point of that kind of thing, I think.

Unknown Speaker  2:37:46  
Yeah, absolutely. Because, first of all,

Kantbot  2:37:51  
there's really no possibility of finding anything conclusive here because the evidence is not you know, the evidence wasn't well handled. There's not good have evidence for anything?

Unknown Speaker  2:38:02  
No in like it's remarkably or chains of evidence and often is passing through some pretty like suspect hands.

Kantbot  2:38:11  
Yeah, like well, the the magic bullet, okay, so they don't know there's this. Basically it's all reconstructs to begin with. No, we don't really have any idea how many shots were fired at JFK. We know that most of the witnesses said they heard three shots. Some didn't that says said they heard more.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:30  
Yeah, some here more like, Yeah, but there's also like, you have echo effects and things of that nature.

Kantbot  2:38:37  
So that's just the consensus of what people thought they heard. And basically, it's based on also the Zapruder film which is you know, it's quite a grainy little eight millimeter film and we look out and they they try to count how many shots they can actually see. You know, it's that's what this establishes the idea of there being three shots to begin with, right? Yeah. Which is already Kind of, you know, it's not that great of a basis for for making a definite conclusion about that.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:08  
Yeah, and I would extend some of these things also to like the questions of like, where shooters are, you know, grassy knoll type stuff, I just think that that's like, kind of a bottomless pit that you're not going to really find a definite answer on any of that. It ultimately

Kantbot  2:39:24  
doesn't really matter that much. And you're just you can look at this evidence and like, really, it became the the whole idea of the magic bullet thing became really famous. The garrison case. Yeah. And, you know, basically you have these three shots that you have to account for and basically one of the one of the bullets is already you have used it up because some guy claims that he got hit by ricocheted from a bullet. Yeah. And like something like he got a cut on his head from something like a little piece of concrete or something. And so it was a police officer was on that.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:00  
Wasn't it wasn't a police officer whose name I believe it was a police officer. So I was reading like some of the police reports of the day. And one of them does mention that a police officer came up to another and said like I've been caught Yeah, like a bullet grace man.

Kantbot  2:40:17  
And that's such that's not that's so flimsy and like insubstantial. It's just like you You are establishing three bullets just based on the consensus of witnesses. And then you're taking what them one out. And based on this, just this guy getting a cut and who even knows what happened like he vaping something completely else.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:40  
Yeah. Yeah. And plus, I don't trust the police in Dallas. So

Kantbot  2:40:45  
anyway, we'll get into that because that's, you know, a big factor and poisoning a lot of the evidence.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:51  
Yeah, exactly.

Kantbot  2:40:53  
And so you have this. You have these two bullets that you then are working with and you have to explain All these different injuries and the footage on the Zapruder film, right? And that's like, the that's where the magic bullet comes from is because they have to explain all these different injuries and they the based on the Zapruder film, and they have one bullet to do it in. And so a lot of times when I've talked about this just with like, you know, random, random people, they always bring up, they're always like, Well, what about like, I heard that actually, JFK was like sitting higher up than they thought and if you make him sit higher up is like blah, blah, blah. It's that sort of stuff is really completely irrelevant, because in the context of the garrison case, the point was that this is the theory of the Warren Commission, and this is what they put in their report. And the point isn't, the point is to show not they're not trying to prove from this, anything about how many shooters are blah, blah, blah. The point is to really show that this is a ridiculous story that the Warren Commission accepted. Yeah, in order to explain things

Unknown Speaker  2:41:59  
which is pretty nice. characteristic of the Warren Commission as a whole.

Kantbot  2:42:03  
So you can't get bogged down in some of these details. Right. I agree. So this isn't a lot of that evidence. Isn't that great? And basically, they they find the magic bullet itself. At the hospital. Yes. It's not removed from Kennedy's body. It's a police officer finds it on a stretcher.

Unknown Speaker  2:42:26  
Yeah, I've been meaning to look up who that officer is, but I haven't really had a chance to Yeah, did you

Kantbot  2:42:31  
look into the rifle? I saw the

Unknown Speaker  2:42:36  
police officers there. Yeah. It's the the guy who loaded up Um, oh, shit. Yeah. Okay, this all makes sense. The guy remember I was talking about the guy at the paint who said he loaded up the Yeah, filing cabinets. Yeah, okay. He's the same officer who reported the officer getting hit with a bullet. He's the same officer that was involved in the recovery of Like rifle cases, Are you fucking kidding me? No, I'm serious buddy Walters look this dude up.

Kantbot  2:43:05  
So more talking about like, okay, we're talking about finding Oswald's rifle in the Book Depository where he shot from

Unknown Speaker  2:43:12  
right and he just left. Oh, no, sorry, sorry, not not that rifle. It's like a rifle case at the Payne's house that was to establish Okay, okay.

Kantbot  2:43:21  
Yeah, that I mean that's equally bad but also I sent you the yeah cuz it was the names of the the officers who actually got the found the rifle had the chain of custody on the the Oswald's rifle at the Book Depository? Yeah. I don't know if there's anything going on with them.

Unknown Speaker  2:43:37  
I haven't really had a chance to go through all of them. The guy running the the police officers at the Book Depository is very interesting, but we need to get into like wider circumstances to explain why. Okay, I mean, but

Kantbot  2:43:50  
yeah, there's so there's all this evidence out there. And it's not I don't think a lot of is reliable. I mean, another problem you're dealing with is a full autopsy was not conducted. Yeah. And so I don't even know there's not necessarily it doesn't have to be any kind of like super nefarious kind of thing on that point. Because if you look at it, it basically the law was that you have to have the autopsy at the hospital where the person dies. right and right they you know the the jet RFK and LBJ would not allow that they had to take the body with them and usually this is seen as kind of like a nefarious LBJ getting away with the evidence kind of thing. But they've you look at it and you look at what was happening during the autopsy. A big part of it was actually this was to conceal the President's drug use and illnesses. Yeah, and that's why

Unknown Speaker  2:44:48  
RFK was actually yeah, it makes much more sense.

Kantbot  2:44:51  
Yeah. RFK was micromanaging the autopsy and calling into the theater, on the phone constantly telling them to like Hurry up and stuff and so they they Didn't, they didn't actually finish conducting a full autopsy based on him pressuring them then that was because he was trying to defend like the Kennedy reputation. Mm hmm. And so

Unknown Speaker  2:45:11  
yeah, that's, I think that that's also like another good point to make when you're like, kind of picking apart a lot of this stuff is that a lot of like false leads really do kind of like boil down to like, factionalism and people kind of pursuing their own goals or like trying to protect certain things and all that gets like, woven in so you can have like, duplicity and non duplicity or duplicity inside of duplicity was Yeah, these are all possible things.

Kantbot  2:45:39  
And so, I mean, this is the really key here and how this was all set up. And we're talking about this all being like a computer and stuff is that the all these people, they have very limited instructions that they were working with. Yes. And they can immediately tell that something has really fucked up because they were given instructions in order to like be there at that time. So, you know, it's very, you know, it makes a lot of sense that these people would start worrying about what was going on. Mm hmm. And so they immediately you can they get paranoid about things and they want to like, cover themselves like one guy, Bannister. Yeah, he assaults one of his friends who worked at his detective agency.

Unknown Speaker  2:46:23  
Yeah, jack Martin.

Kantbot  2:46:24  
After that they're drinking and he's getting drunk. And this is the announcement comes out that Kennedy has been shot. And it's like, he probably knew nothing about it. But you can tell that he's immediately becomes like extremely worried because he knows what's the all these people linked back to him and he could be arrested for it.

Unknown Speaker  2:46:45  
Yeah, and like we were talking a little bit about the OAS. And maybe this would be like a good like kind of segue. But the guy who introduced like kind of brought the OAS, the CIA, those usually the day of the assassination. This guy who he's defected to the CIA effectively at this point, he's no longer French intelligence. But he flees to Mexico now thought about this a lot like that he knows something about the assassination, like, was he in on it, but if you go through his history, he, he knows how many of the key players, you know, all the way from, like dowless angle 10, down to like, Lauren shields. And so I don't think he knew or was even in on the conspiracy, but I think he probably had was in a perfect position to have been able to kind of like, realize what's what and then you know, fled in a way that makes them look.

Kantbot  2:47:38  
Yeah, and you know, it makes this is the kind of like, actually, the brilliant part of how they set it all up, is because they basically had overdeveloped the Cuba operation. Yeah. And there was like tons of compromising stuff out there that we've been covering. And basically, they they set it up in this particular way. So that it kind of clean itself up. You know, none of them know what's going on. They don't have any information about this. They just tell them all to be in certain places. Yeah. And they know that all these people are like right wing militia men and you know, drunk private detectives and whatnot, so they know that they're all gonna suspect they're being set up. Yeah. And they're all going to Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:48:21  
this is my only explanation for the like Edmund Edwin Walker shooting is that it plays into this in a way and it just,

Kantbot  2:48:31  
this is a very, not well, most people don't even mention this. I guess we'll we'll distinguish ourselves by covering a bit more, but

Unknown Speaker  2:48:40  
I think it's really important like Yeah, but so like we mentioned before, like a lot of these Minutemen types. We're literally going from the CIA, Cuban training training camp, and we're in contact with Edwin Walker. Edwin Walker was like nemesis, number one. The Kennedys like domestically, they, you know, he kind of laughter erected the john birch society and the Minutemen to be convinced that the Kennedys were communists. But one thing that's I think is really interesting and warrants further look was if we go way back to our beginning we were talking about the Oswald file how it was that guy in the State Department, Otto odd epca, who basically like he was obsessed with Oswald. He was collecting files on Oswald. The whole time Oswald like long before the assassination, this guy was like, convinced that Oswald was a bonafide communist that the CIA were harboring communists, and this was the smoking gun for you know, john birch types and when he RFK literally set somebody to break into his safe and steal documents and they ended up running out of the State Department. You He becomes a hero to like, all these Bircher and Minutemen types, and he's in Dallas like mixing and matching with like Edwin Walker. And so when you think about it, we Harvey Oswald goes, and he shoots, you know, America's number one anti Communist or tries to shoot them. And then you have him in contact with auto on epca. who's like, yeah, I've been chasing this guy, you know, since like frickin 1962. And suddenly, you see all the birchers that Nate has makes so much sense. No, it's the only thing that makes sense. All the birchers and all the like minimum types. They all start publishing all this stuff about communism and Oswald. It basically just becomes like its own prop like a self propelling propaganda machine.

Kantbot  2:50:46  
And I this is the sad thing too, that we go to like Internet lies and Twitter and all this made up ideologies on on the internet. It's like, this is like the level of their app. Yeah, this is like Basically, they're all you know, the love of your into that stuff really deep. It's like that's how you're being used in this exact same way. It's like the same thing.

Unknown Speaker  2:51:07  
Yeah, you You're just an information conduit, you're just like, and the thing is if this is how it happens, and it's to me the only explanation really kind of like the mole hunt, you know, there might be a better one, but I haven't seen one yet. But it's like, you just basically turned to every john Bircher and to like an automatic propaganda like source.

Kantbot  2:51:27  
And you know who and then who is like, yeah, so who is the person though? Who, uh, you know, actually kind of links Oswald to this attempted shooting of a walker. It's George. It's Marina, isn't it? Yeah. But I mean, she's in this community. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  2:51:44  
yeah. Yeah, it is more in short and Marina like, yeah, yeah, it's, I think he he, he suggests that Oswald did it and then Marina through her translator confirms it.

Kantbot  2:51:58  
Yeah. And this is like the weird This stuff and then what Marina has wife says after the assassination of the Warren Commission about it as long as it's dealt with in the same way, where he's the person who's kind of controlling the questioning of her and her responses, and it's, yeah, you can really find Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:18  
I was gonna say the,

Unknown Speaker  2:52:21  
in the Warren Commission morrinsville. I know, he says that he knows the translator. But it's not clear that he knows that this person's the translator, he just makes an offhand comment. He's like, Yeah, I know, this other guy in the White Russian community. He's a Bircher type. And that's because he works at Sun oil, like whatever that really means, tells you something about like oil, like the political orientation oil, but then you're like, you cross reference and you're like, Oh, shit, that's marinas translator that he's talking about. He knows this guy.

Kantbot  2:52:52  
And this is like a and you can see how the social dynamics of it work and how their relationship works because she's like, totally She's so you know, fucked basically. And she's like this, you know, girl from from the Soviet Union who's not like, yeah, she's like Not really. It doesn't have a lot of world experience and anything like that, and she's kind of thrust into this whole situation and you have this guy, you know, Nazi Baron who is like, kind of positioning himself as her protector. Yeah. So you can see like, why she would want to like, listen to him. Yeah, she's got him on one side and Ruth pain on the other. And so she's, he's in a very good position to be like, you know, you can't trust any of these guys. You know, listen to me. Yeah. And you know, I'm going to tell you kind of like what the best thing to say is because we don't want to say too much. And you know, I'll take care of it. Yeah, I'm your friend. And you know, I'm and he's clearly from his life experience and his background. He's very well positioned to kind of like work a person like this.

Unknown Speaker  2:53:55  
Yeah, I mean, probable intelligent asset for German intelligence to The war down through, you know, yeah. CIA acid, you know.

Kantbot  2:54:06  
And so this is the, like, the whole craziness of, of the actual assassination. Part of it is because like, okay, you can ask who's the, you know, what, who's the shooter and I want to get down to the, you know, the OAS kind of thing, because, yeah, as we were talking about already allies, you know, you were dealing with the, the colonial status of Algeria, right, as you know, and that's where the OAS comes from, and they basically, there was to attend to kind of coups in Algeria, and this is why Charles de Gaulle kind of came back to be president is because of the Algeria situation because he wanted to maintain French possession. And so obviously, all the military people were big, you know, they they were excited about that. They're like Charles de Gaulle is going to save us and save our honor. We're gonna keep Algeria. And that didn't happen because Charles de Gaulle like flipped around and actually there was a referendum to let you know independence go through and Algeria and to let it go. And so the generals and the the the colonial military who was responsible for a lot of these occupations and being the Garrison's and stuff, they were definitely not happy about this. So, this is how the OAS comes to be as a terrorist organization that wants to like murder De Gaulle, is that in 61, there's a coup attempt against De Gaulle led by the generals who are they have a paratrooper unit airborne assault, we're talking about like the French Foreign Legion. There's a battalion of the most elite paratroopers within that. And these are the guys basically it's like 1000 guys who came in and tried to take control of Algeria. Yeah. And at that point the generals in charge of the coup they they made a public announcement and they're like we're taking control of Algeria because to call De Gaulle cheated us and now we're going to also come into France and we're going to do a coup in mainland France where we're gonna get get duchal out great. Yeah, and obviously that that doesn't work for them. They like arrest the the, the guy in France who was supposed to lead that part. And De Gaulle makes a public speech and public rally behind them and there's like a general strike and everyone's like, super vigilant to

Unknown Speaker  2:56:41  
it's a pretty French story.

Kantbot  2:56:44  
But basically, the all these paratroopers these really fucking hardened guys, they're basically left out in the cold at that point. And who else do they go to but the CIA Yeah. So these these guys become like, you know, this is they they're into a lot of different stuff like all over the world and after this.

Unknown Speaker  2:57:09  
Yeah, they're basically they're mercenaries like this, if you want to talk about like, where things like, yeah, you know, Blackwater or den core, like that whole kind of model. Yeah, does kind of have a direct history that goes back to the OAS and a lot of ways.

Kantbot  2:57:25  
And it's very important to note too, that this goes back to Vietnam. Yeah, because who these were the guys their service record, was that they were the guys who basically had to eat the shit sandwich in the French Indochina War. Yeah, they were the ones who fought that. And then they also did, were the guys in the Suez Crisis, which is a huge fucking embarrassment for France and Great Britain. That was like,

Unknown Speaker  2:57:51  
yeah, so these guys were just like psychos that just keep getting screwed over. They really do.

Kantbot  2:57:58  
Either. Like a lot of these gods they go back to World War Two and their resistance people love them before this coup were recognized as like decorated heroes who had had these long tours of service. And so they basically just is very similar in a lot of ways to kind of the motivations behind what you know Deleuze did in wine. zeven staged as well though, motivated those guys, because they were all soldiers to going back to World War Two. And, you know, they had served their mind has served this country through the OSS and the CIA, and they had done all this stuff, made all these sacrifices and then JFK just like fucks them all over. Yeah. And so that's really like the motivation the mentality of is very similar and these view of French military people is that they're feeling like really screwed, but, uh, based on what De Gaulle did, you know, there's a sense of betrayal there.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:54  
That's a really I'd never really thought of it, you know, like them being like, isomorphic. That's a really interesting point.

Kantbot  2:59:00  
Yeah, and this is this is basically, when we talk about the, who's the shooter for JFK is we've, you know, talked about this guy, who is a captain. And, you know, this

Unknown Speaker  2:59:13  
person just drove on a motorcycle Sorry, I fucking hate motorcycles.

Kantbot  2:59:17  
But this is this guy who's a, you know, a captain of a company. And you know, this, this battalion. And he basically, you know, gets captured after the stuff happens after the coup fails, and with a few of the guys, and they end up escaping, and then all of a sudden, apparently, he meets with Howard hunt in spring. Yep. And this is, you know, at the same time as all these other meetings are happening at the same time as Jay as Lee Harvey Oswald is going to new New Orleans. Yeah. So you sort of starts to see all the kind of like, yeah, is the timelines really fit together? Well,

Unknown Speaker  2:59:57  
yeah, like I mentioned before this guy suit right. He does go to New Orleans and he's at that Lake Pontchartrain camp. But what's also really interesting

Kantbot  3:00:07  
do what do you know what date that was that he was there?

Unknown Speaker  3:00:09  
I don't my notes I do not have them on me but

Kantbot  3:00:13  
because the dates that I the dates that I see for his movements are you know, starting November 18 he says when he when he came into the US, I don't

Unknown Speaker  3:00:24  
so I'm not he he was in the US and then he left the US and then he came back into the US.

Kantbot  3:00:31  
Oh my god. See, this is like Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:00:34  
yeah, but there's also we talked about perma decks um, one of the things that first like get the got garrison on permit X was an Italian like expos a up the company. And in that X was a if you go and like find a translation to read it. What it talks about is the head of Herman DAX, who is a camera's name, but he was like a former Hungarian Prime Minister later revealed to be like a CIA asset. He's running this company and he's very close with still the like ranking OAS guy that got brought to the CIA that met with Richard Bissell in 61. So you can see that there's a connection between the people running permatex and the OAS there, but also one of guy banisters attorney, Maurice Gatlin bragged that he ferried money from the CIA to the OAS. And we know that guy Bannister was tied into that training camp and we know the sutra was there as well. So there is like a pattern that emerges when you start looking at it from this angle.

Kantbot  3:01:46  
And this is like a fucked up thing about it is that another there's a lot of suspicion that basically the CIA was actually active in planning the coup in France.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:59  
Yeah. I'm not necessarily convinced

Kantbot  3:02:02  
of that the business disputable The case has to be made on that point. Because the the reason people think that is because the French intelligence basically blamed the CIA, they said, and they use it as an excuse to kind of purge all of CIA influence. Yeah. So that's why people think that, you know, they take it at face value, which may or may not be the case. I don't have a complete developed. final statement on that. Yeah, it's just beautiful.

Unknown Speaker  3:02:30  
Yeah. The sutra thing also kind of plays into that. Because you see in his like, timeline that he does before he meets with Howard hunt. He does try to approach the CIA multiple times and as rebuffed by them, like they don't really want to touch them until this one point. So I mean, that gives you this hint to like, something even worse is going on, right? It's like, yeah, it's Yeah, exactly. It's like Oh, hey,

Kantbot  3:02:55  
is this is this really it's a very strange how this kind of starts fitting together. And it's like so maybe the CIA wasn't directly involved in wanting to coup de Gaulle. Right? You okay, that it's so the the key point is just that, you know, obviously once you have, like 1000 or whatever, you know, elite paratroopers. And I think like, I don't even know. I mean, I imagine that some of these guys probably knew some of them from like Vietnam. Yeah, from like our CIA and working in the French Indochina War to help them I mean, they there is there's definitely connections there. Yeah, for sure. And so, you know, you can you can see that they probably scooped some, this became a useful kind of resource pool to do certain things.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:40  
And most certainly, like, they maintained that, especially in the later 60s and into the 70s, then becomes extremely integrated.

Kantbot  3:03:49  
And so, we look at this the whole timeline of his movements, and it's just like, okay, so he but he ends up Being in America, he comes to the fucking United States at the 18th 19th of November days before the assassination. Yeah. And, okay, and, and so this guy, he's like a very serious fucking guy. Yeah, he's like he's a professional assassin at this point. And so, you know, this is the whole like, point going back to Oswald and like Russian like, why would you hire this guy? Why'd you recruit him to do a mission? You absolutely would not you never ask Oswald to carry out an assassination. Now he's not trusted Not only is not competent to actually execute something like that. But also he is, you know, not trustworthy to be able to like not tell everybody who can fuck it up and make a fool of himself. He's not professional person. Yeah. And so the idea that Oswald would be used in this way too, is it's outrageous. And so who are they actually going to use? They're kind of cute. his fucking OS s assassin.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:02  
Yeah, exactly. Like some people make like the counter arguments like, Well, why won't they just use one of our Cubans? But it's like, you know what, that's if anything goes wrong. That just is a huge sign pointing right at them. You wouldn't use Oswald and you wouldn't use a Cuban Yeah, you would outsource somebody who's several steps removed.

Kantbot  3:05:22  
And you know, that's not you know, it doesn't it doesn't need to be that much of a puzzle. I mean, they, they needed somebody to do it. And they had a discussion and yeah, you know, maybe just somebody has awareness of the man met them in the past and they needed a particular guy and they thought this was a I mean,

Unknown Speaker  3:05:37  
she's here and barrios, he's in Dallas on 22nd. He's in,

Kantbot  3:05:41  
he's on Dallas, and then he gets arrested in Dallas. Yeah. So that's, you know, he's a resident as well. You know, if it's bought was by the Dallas PD.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:51  
I have no idea but that would be really worth looking into.

Kantbot  3:05:55  
Yeah, I was looking into it too. But the problem is, like we were saying is that as this appears to be The file on this guy as one of the ones that is not being released, and that's one of the ones that Trump has pushed back from these JFK files.

Unknown Speaker  3:06:10  
Yeah. And in terms of the DPD files that we do have the, you know, been released over time. There are only ones that pertain, you know, in some way to the Kennedy assassination. And so if something like other arrests that day that were deemed insignificant simply do not enter into the files that we have released.

Kantbot  3:06:32  
So yes, very, uh, you know, the fact that this happened that he was taken into custody by someone and, you know, I guess identified as a French assassin, and then he was allowed to, he was just told to leave the country. He just said, Go do it go and he didn't even immediately proceed to leave. It's not until like December 9, or something that he actually leaves into Mexico.

Unknown Speaker  3:06:55  
Right, which is like interesting to

Kantbot  3:06:59  
Yahoo. I don't have any clue what he may have been doing during that that point. I mean, no

Unknown Speaker  3:07:03  
cuz his timeline at that point is really threadbare until 1966 when he joins up with like Argento press.

Kantbot  3:07:11  
If you guys say something about that too, cuz it's just a funny fucking thing.

Unknown Speaker  3:07:15  
Oh yeah, I didn't her press was this the CIA backed outfit I believe in Portugal, and its cover was a Press Agency. But what it was it was run by an OAS guy named serraj. And the whole idea was kind of like a jet. It was. These were the people who developed the whole idea of like a strategy of tension like you saw in like Operation Gladio and ciroc theorized, creating what he called atmosphere of political intoxication. And how this works is that it kind of recalls like I was talking about with landsdale you know, working through folklore, to kind of like destabilize people's reality. surak thought of it through likes fringe political groups. So I Genter would kind of like work inside groups both left and right often very strange French ones like, you know, they they privileged malice. They privileged lots of like, order in tradition, like type fascist groups, they even in Italy, were in touch with a group of people that call themselves the Nazi malice, which is like some total like Twitter bullshit. And so, you know, they would work through these groups, they would Stoke conflicts, and sometimes they would, you know, dispatch their people on hand

Kantbot  3:08:36  
to like, yeah, you can see that even the Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:08:40  
yeah, the the Piazza Fontana bombing that kind of kicks off Italy's years of lead. The investigators very quickly traced. The people that taught that group how to carry out the bombings to specialists from magenta. So our j k assassin ends up in this group

Kantbot  3:08:59  
as is Didn't mean this is kind of a you can even see like the CIA kind of doing that with you know having Oswald and his dues flyers and poses a communist and stuff.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:09  
Yeah yeah. But he's like in a much more intense you know, oh, it's to create like social chaos through it

Kantbot  3:09:16  
and you can see through all these connections is that like you have the like Texas oil men and you have like a you know Nazi emigres and you have like white Russians and you have is like the thing is like clearly the the kind of like ideological distinctions that we run with is like they're not applicable in you know, they're there they're not Not in the slightest yeah because it's not like that but these people are united by is really more just, you know, this whole idea of like, you know, their their power and money and like the the corporations, they're all connecting them and it's like, yeah, that's how they even choose to, you know, connect themselves is through corporations. They make up all these fucking Hundreds of corporations just give all stupid names. Yeah. And these are the social links of all yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:10:06  
Yeah, they all they all interlock together and everybody goes through the same parties. And they go to the same you know, like, Dallas World Council of affairs or whatever meetings and you know, it just it all mix and matches and yeah, it's just generates this thing. And it's Yeah, it's not like an ideological Yeah, thing on its baseline. If anybody like the purest ideologues are the people are being instrumentalized on the ground level. That's a crazy thing. It's like these people, you know, you're far right traditionalist, you're, you know, accelerationist, Maoist or something. It's like you're you, you know, you think that you know, better than all these other people. Yeah. You're just grist for the mill.

Kantbot  3:10:49  
Yeah. And they, yeah, they're just like, you know, they don't even they don't care what you believe. They just want you to be in like different conflicts and just spread different informations.

Unknown Speaker  3:10:57  
Yeah, exactly. And the thing is, is that You know, by the time you do get to something like argentaria it's just like it's the covert action is indistinguishable from people's lived social reality. Like react like your your daily life is the terrain of this conflict and you're just a foot soldier in a war that you don't even know what's happened and

Kantbot  3:11:18  
this is exactly what happened was as well too. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:11:21  
exactly it's the same pattern is that

Kantbot  3:11:23  
he's This is how he lived his whole life

Unknown Speaker  3:11:25  
or the auto Guy autoadapt guy and Edwin Walker and they're like, Cami Chase.

Kantbot  3:11:29  
It's like Oswald never knew anything about what he was really doing his whole life. Yeah, he just like thought he was the people wrote, just use him as a character in an ongoing story they were writing and they you the way they thought about him was just like, you know, an author would think about writing a character and it's like you don't even start out with the whole story or the end of the story. It's just like, you know, you you write on the page and the first line is like okay, there's this guy's kind of like a, you know, a, you know, on a ship in a in join the military. And he's off He's like, you know has an history of anger and usually like creating this whole guy you make forcing you taking human beings like you're writing a identity that you're like a pope imposing on him. That's like a fictional. Yeah. It's like it's messed up.

Unknown Speaker  3:12:17  
Yeah. And you they crafted, you know, the Oswald trilogy like Russia, frickin New Orleans Dallas right there. So it's a blockbuster hit. And so you can see,

Kantbot  3:12:27  
when they come to the planning of these things, it's like, they This is the point of actually the overall kind of like, big picture operation of the CIA is just like a big development machine that creates this whole little world of, you know, all these little conflicts and agents. And then the the the guys who plan the Black Ops, this is just they pick and choose based on like, who fits into what, you know, story they're telling. Right? Yeah, and it just over time, just expands and grows and swallows more and more up into itself. And it just takes over. I mean, do you think that jack Ruby, we should talk about this to jack Ruby? When did he was he told by someone to assassinate Oswald?

Unknown Speaker  3:13:17  
Um, oh, I'm trying to think of the best way to like put this. There's some really interesting stuff about like, jack Ruby, like had a lot of contacts in the police department that definitely facilitated certain things. And it's sounds like though the person who kind of gave him the suggestion to do it was a radio personality named Gordon McLendon and Gordon McAlinden was a Yale graduate. He was the business manager of the yellow literary review, which, you know, yeah, huge flashing red light. here knowing that like Angleton was writing for that, I'm not sure if this overlaps, but I'd like to look into that and probably

Kantbot  3:14:05  
I don't think I never heard it. But you know, it's just you know, one of those things.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:10  
Yeah, um, he finance in Turpan, the Lake Pontchartrain group we were talking about. And he was on the board of directors of the Texas law enforcement foundation with Earl Campbell, the mayor of Dallas. So this guy is a pretty prominent figure. And it seems that, you know, from what I understand is that he just gave a like a mere offhanded suggestion to Ruby to shoot Oswald. But the circumstances of him shooting Oswald become like, very strange when you start to break them down. No, like, do you want to get into that? Or should we go through like the four Ada? Because it kind of ties together?

Kantbot  3:14:56  
Yeah, if you if you want to start with that.

Unknown Speaker  3:14:59  
Yeah, cuz it kind of leads You know, this helps us talk about the day of the assassination still, but also leads in there Ruby.

Unknown Speaker  3:15:06  
I know, you know, you talked about

Unknown Speaker  3:15:09  
454 or was it? What was it? 535 44 camp street? Yeah, yeah, that's a smoking gun. I consider this group will also be like a smoking gun. And one of the things that is interesting about it's the, for at a military intelligence detachment amid and they're basically memory hold. You cannot find any information about this group. Anything that can be pieced together only comes out of people's biographies and obituaries, and newspaper clippings. So definitely, like strange, but they seem to have had a pretty, pretty prominent role. So they were started as a Texas State reserve unit, and 1958 by a guy named john Crichton. And john Crichton was an OSS officer. He won all kinds of awards. I really want to get his OSS file. You can get those.

Kantbot  3:16:11  
You have to pay you have to you have to pay for them. You have to pay for them.

Unknown Speaker  3:16:14  
Yeah, no, I saw that. I found his file. So I need to order Yeah. But uh, he was he was a Dallas oil man. Of course. He was very close friends with George HW Bush. He was a vice president of the Empire Trust Company, which we talked about a little bit earlier. He personally new George de mon shrills. Let's see what else he was a front man for the the goal your loyal like cartel and he founded like numerous companies, like interlocking kind of front companies for was basically an oil monopoly. He was on the he was one of two directors of the Dorchester Gas producing company. The other one was a guy named bH bird, who is known for two things. One, he invented the Civil Air Patrol. And two, he owned the property that the Book Depository set on. So some pretty interesting stuff happening here. At the same time that he was starting up before Ada Crichton, was working with the CIA to set up the Yemen Development Corporation. And this is really interesting, because it was like, they were racing against the Soviets to like, penetrate North Yemen's oil fields. And that was like the CIA push to do that. And the 488 when it starts up, it's an intelligence unit that specifically deals in oil, like intelligence gathering on oil. And so I find it interesting that this unit has started at the same time that he's working with the CIA and the CNN venture. And they what they would do in the beginning was they they would write summaries when they wrote for the National Intelligence summaries which is like internal info like for the CIA is like internal memorandums and shit like that so that means he has

Kantbot  3:18:19  
a connection yeah critchfield he has a connection to the gallon gallon organization to

Unknown Speaker  3:18:24  
yeah no scores at yeah the score st like he one of the the the goal your oil people that he was he was working on securing drilling rights in Spain okay with scores a nice uncle and business partner

Kantbot  3:18:39  
No, I'm just thinking there's there's a Jim Crutchfield there Jim Crutchfield who's elegant. Yeah, you're right. You're I just confused the name for a sec.

Unknown Speaker  3:18:48  
Yeah, similar name though. Spooky. So yeah, so weird. So yeah, that's the guy that like started the 488 and as you can tell, it's like a huge biography like this guy must have no Pretty time. But and before a date, at some point, it goes to Army Reserves. And at some point it starts doing training at the Pentagon on under the Defense Intelligence Agency. So it's pretty weird. So Crichton makes one appearance on the day of the assassination. The deputy police chief George Lumpkin needs a translator from Rena Oswald. And the guy that he call is Christian who arranges for this translator that we are previously discussing. So that's one interesting point. The second interesting point is that George Lumpkin himself was in the fall for eight days. So this is two people that are key to this story that are affiliated with this. And you're gonna say like, Okay, what did Lumpkin do the rest of the day. You know of the assassination? Well, he was the driver of the pilot car in front of Kennedy's car, right? They were like the scouting. And it was him a secret service agent to homicide detectives, and a Army Reserve intelligence officer named wittmeyer, who he personally invited to come and quote unquote, observe. And I've seen suggestions that wittmeyer himself was also for eight eight, but I haven't been able to confirm that. So if you go through the Dallas like PD log, you they're driving around, and it says that Kennedy is about two to three minutes behind schedule. So the entire kind of parade is lagging, says that one gun stops the car at the intersection of Houston and Elm. He tells the officer who's directing traffic but the motorcade is two to three minutes behind them. They drive on. This is important because Houston and Elm is the intersection where the Book Depository is, it's the exact spot where Kennedy gets shot. And so you got this guy, you know, when he's telling somebody in that exact spot, how many minutes behind, you know, Kennedy is like, it's bizarre. And this is the

Kantbot  3:21:24  
thing this is the thing with this whole investigate this the way that people approaches, they all want to start at the Dealey Plaza and they all want to look at like some of the witnesses and stuff and be like, oh, there's there's Bowers at the at the real weigh yard. And he saw some smoke and it's like, you know, these people are not like, they don't have any importance really, all these little stories. It's like,

Unknown Speaker  3:21:46  
No, you got to look at this shit.

Kantbot  3:21:48  
Yeah. These are the people and also what they say and what they do. Yeah, means a lot more because you know that they're cooked into these networks. And so you know, it's like, yeah, you know that there's some important stuff what they're doing.

Unknown Speaker  3:22:01  
Yeah, exactly. And so like Lumpkin, they they hear over the radio that Kennedy's been shot. They drive to the hospital. They observe him being unloaded. And then Lumpkin decides that he's going to take the homicide detectives to the Book Depository. So he drives back to the Book Depository and takes over the whole thing. Like he's the one who runs the entire investigation of the Book Depository. he organizes the search teams. He walks the building down. And then while he's there, he a guy named truly who works at the Book Depository comes up to him and says, Hey, I got this guy missing. He wasn't present for this roll call. And then Lumpkin takes that and I didn't so he said, who identifies if you know like, makes it official that Oswald number one suspect. This guy is in this intelligence unit. does all this shit. Tell this person at the book deposit in front of the Book Depository? How far behind can The as you know, it is and then ends up running the investigation at that same location and gets the you know, the scoop on Oswald. He's the one who does it. Yeah. And it's like,

Kantbot  3:23:11  
like, and the thing is, is that you don't need a lot of like a intentionality This is a big part that we talk about. Yeah, in more of a general theory kind of sense is that you you have a lot of problems in theory and in economics and stuff there which are directed towards the the coordination problem. Mm hmm. And how do you coordinate people to do complex tasks? And basically, you know, in the 20th century after World War Two, the point of all this research of these social networks and Game Theory at RAND Corporation and stuff like that, is that the point is that they determined that you don't actually need an act of top down. You don't need that kind of coordination, exactly how to do things because people will follow self interested patterns that they see you can study through social So psychology, and you can set up situations to make people play out certain roles that they don't even mean to play by basically following, you know, the rules of the game that you put them in that you write for them, and they'll follow their self interest in order, you know, in order to do what you achieve outcomes that you want them to.

Unknown Speaker  3:24:21  
Exactly. Like, you know, he, he's in all the perfect circumstances, how much did he know? Probably not much. I mean, he's in a key spot. You know, in terms of intelligence, nobody takes you to Allen Dulles his office.

Kantbot  3:24:35  
No, they don't take you into the office and say, like,

Unknown Speaker  3:24:37  
yeah, I mean, he's he is an intelligence officer in the military, who is running the police. Like, he's not the head of police, but, you know, so he's going to have things that he wants to protect, you know, certain ways that he thinks it should go. And, you know, he might have some suggestions on how to do things along the line, but

Kantbot  3:24:58  
so you know, when you put Yeah, When you when you set it up like this, and you get to somebody like jack Ruby and these assassinating Oswald, it's like, you've created this whole little scenario for them to play out and sort of like, you know, the whole point is you kind of know, like, the social psychology and stuff of how they're going to act and respond to these narratives that you build up around them. And it's like, they, you know, you don't need to do all this planning. It's just sort of like, you know, you drop them in the little snow globe that you made, and they just run

Unknown Speaker  3:25:25  
it. Yeah, exactly. And, like, a lot of that, and I think that this is another like, really important, like thing to consider is that at this point in history, there is no real distinction between like military intelligence or just the military in general and the police force. The police force, itself is an extension of like the state security apparatus, in the in the fight against communism, like you have something set up in the Late 50s called the law enforcement intelligence unit starts in LA. And that's the whole thing. It's the interlock local police departments with the CIA and with the FBI and with military intelligence to generate like, file sharing, information swapping, coordination on operations, you know, when you caught people who sent for cops are fucking idiots because the police are literally like the ground foot soldiers of the literal deep state, like they are an extension of the state security apparatus in like, you have to look at the police department on the day of the assassination in those lens.

Kantbot  3:26:43  
And yeah, so it's not that, you know, they all think that they're everybody involved in all this is like they all think that for the most part, many of them think that they're doing basically the right thing. Yeah. Or they're doing like a good thing. It's like you know, they're doing their jobs and it's like, but really it's like they You know, have all been positioned in certain ways to be in certain places and right, you know, it's like,

Unknown Speaker  3:27:05  
like, the the next guy in the 48. Four. Okay, so there's, I'm trying to think of how this command structure works. Okay, so there's the Dallas PD Special Services Bureau. It's run by a guy named Pat Galloway. And Galloway is also a member of the 488. And he's the one who makes it public that Oswald is the suspect. But so under him is jack Ravel, and he runs the intelligence unit proper under the Special Services Bureau. And they all operate out of their own like Doomsday compound located at the Dallas fairgrounds or something. And it's like, yeah, and the thing is, it's attached to Dallas civil defense, and it's literally like, like, if you go on to it is literally one of those like continuity of government like nodes of like parallel communication strike. In case of like a fuckin atomic war but the reason it was also located there was because it was like yeah, you know, we have informants going and coming all the time we need something outside of normal police the outside the police department and police channels of communication in which we can operate our like intelligence work like it was. It's a spy unit it's a police spy is that they're all you know. And

Kantbot  3:28:25  
this is what's really interesting about it is like the, you just keep talking, talking and there's like all these different little organizations and it's like, yeah, that's how it really is all connected like these. This is like almost like it's a virtual ecosystem or something.

Unknown Speaker  3:28:38  
Yeah, it absolutely is. And I think that like, there's one thing that like, really drives that home is a guy. Do you know about like the infamous string fellow memo? No. Yeah. So string fellow, he's at the fairgrounds. He's a member of the Dallas intelligence CNS. And he Like because they're like tied in to these like parallel command communication structures. He sends a memo to the Texas Fourth Army Command, saying that Oswald tried to defect to Cuba. He was a member of the fairplay for Cuba committee. And then the Fourth Army Command forwards detective string fellows memo to the strike command in Florida, which was being run by one of landsdale old buddies, by the way. Yeah. And they literally scramble their fighters and are halfway to Cuba before they get recalled, I think by the intervention of the White House. It's like this detective in Dallas, Texas writes a memo that literally almost causes world war three that day, like, that's how this works. Like, they're all tied. It's not like that, like it's these little ecosystem and little little groups and command structures.

Kantbot  3:29:53  
And it's like, yeah, it's sort of sustains that becomes like the Yeah, the you know, artificial environment in which this kind of like narrative can all take place. And they're all just like living in this, like, you know, it's the shared fictional universe of the, you know, CIA directors and like they're Yeah, you know, repressed literary ambitions or something.

Unknown Speaker  3:30:17  
Yeah, exactly. I mean, it Yeah, it's,

Kantbot  3:30:20  
and it makes even less sense because this is how they always talk about they always use terms like use the fun and games, right. Yeah. And there's that great passage I found in that Dulles biography where it's like, they're they're gonna pitch Eisenhower the all this stuff on Cuba and the night before Ian Fleming was in town and he did like at a party he said like a James Bond story set in Cuba with lots of funny stuff in it. And if you read that, but then the next day at the meet at the meeting, one of the guys at the party comes into the meeting and tells does the story. Yeah, and Dallas is like a little uncomfortable about it, because it's actually like pretty close to what he wrote down it to tell Eisenhower

Unknown Speaker  3:30:59  
that's what's Such a perfect story like exemplifies.

Kantbot  3:31:02  
Because the point is is like all this stuff that doesn't is that's the you know. That's the ecosystem that's being created. Of course, it's going to be ridiculous. The point isn't for it to actually do anything yet. The point is to have all that running and then you just hire a OAS assassin to come in and fucking shoot the guy in the head. And then it's like, that's it. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:31:23  
Yeah. And then you just have like, your literal like, normal. Dallas police cops come and frickin mop it up.

Kantbot  3:31:33  
And then you know, jack Ruby, the monster you know, all the elk. All these other guys kill each other. David ferry Of course dies. Yeah, right in the middle of the garrison investigation. Yeah. And it's like, you know, he's on all these pills. And it's like, you know, of course it looks pretty bad that he dies. He's suicide. Is it murder or is it a suicide or what? It's like that doesn't really in the end even matter because he didn't know anything. And you can just imagine that this like extremely high strung guy. He just he Doesn't know a lot, he knows some very basic things about what he was involved with. And he can put two and two together and well, you know, he either has a freak out and takes these pills and dies or, you know, one of his other associates kills them because they're going through the same paranoia.

Unknown Speaker  3:32:16  
Yeah, or, you know, like, yeah, within, it's basically the same set of moves or either an individual in those scenarios, you know, it just it's a self propelling self motivating it's just a total game theory situation of like, you know, yeah, it really is.

Kantbot  3:32:33  
And so it all kind of just cleans itself up based on that and then going going back to like this, you know, then you have this perfect end of the the Warren Commission coming in, it's so perfect, because it's like the punch card system of all these instructions that you've given this all these people, and the word commission comes in and they can scramble up the cards. Yeah, and there's like you You know, there is no one can ever put the actual program back together. Oh, yeah. Because you've created such a fucked up kind of You told such a story about it that you know, it's gonna you know, suffocate any truth. Yeah, it's gonna like,

Unknown Speaker  3:33:08  
and and then, like, hit this, though, you know, George Lumpkin. He was never called to testify before the Warren Commission.

Kantbot  3:33:17  
You know, put it Yeah. Like, oh, he's the guy who has pilot car. He's the one who runs the entire investigation of the Book Depository. And then they just like, we're just talking to have this guy testify. And he is the Warren Commission is just like it doesn't you know, is the whole point is just to obfuscate. It's not as you know, he does all they have to do is just to like,

Unknown Speaker  3:33:41  
scramble up the cards to

Kantbot  3:33:42  
scramble up the cards and then that's it. And then just like you do didn't spend a million years just making sense of the story.

Unknown Speaker  3:33:48  
Yeah, but yeah, I don't know. We should probably say like a little thing about the the Ruby shooting because I feel like it's the the last dangling thread R E and our web that we've woven in our own punch card system that we've developed here but yeah, so like something I got you know, I really went if you can't tell I really went down this like Dallas police rabbit hole. And like psycho who worked with who and you know really kind of going crazy with it. And so looking back, you know, because I was interested in the the guy that runs the Special Services Bureau Pat gana lay found that in the late 40s, he was on the narcotics squad, with this guy named George Butler. They were partners, and they arrest this Chicago syndicate frontman named Paul Jones, but it's really not clear if like the arrest was like real or not, because he was also they're informed and they release them really quickly. Right. But Paul Jones is dating at this time. JACK Ruby sister And jack Ruby is, you know, he's from the same Chicago syndicate. he winds up in town a little bit later. I think just like three years, maybe. George Butler becomes friends with them. And there's like a lot of like evidence to suggest that like George Butler was like, on the mob payroll. There seems to be ties with Galloway to when Galloway took over the Special Services Bureau, his secretary, Miss Hartford was jack Ruby's mistress. So that's really interesting. But it just so happens that George Butler is put in charge, the Oswald prisoner transport, when jack Ruby comes and shoot some. And there's a Warren Commission testimony of like one of the police officers there, and he's like now I've never seen George like so nervous in my life. He's normally stoic. But he was clearly disturbed like his lips were trembling. So like this guy who's known jack Ruby for years is doing Oswald prisoner transport and, you know, is uncharacteristically nervous and then Oswald is shot by jack Ruby it just

Kantbot  3:36:17  
didn't even see they're thinking in it too because like this is the whole you know, they're just this is the little story it's like you know now they gotta you know, kill the guy that they you know, were involved with us I mean, they you jack Ruby and Oswald you know, they were connected and through this and you have like all these cocktail cocktail waitresses and stuff who have identified as well as being at rubies club and yeah, he's obviously rubies providing a lot of like prostitutes and for all these, this whole network, right, he's like, he's the one who's like, you know, doing the Yeah, the women for it and giving them all the guys you know,

Unknown Speaker  3:36:52  
the assassination records Review Board was pretty convinced that Ruby's gun running operation was one in the same That Thomas Mason guys. Yeah, gun running operation and they found eye contact info for masons. Yeah, gun stores and like rubies personal belongings. So you get like,

Kantbot  3:37:11  
they they all just like wipe each other out based on that. I mean, it's like, you know, yeah, it's like is pretty clear they all know that they know each other and he didn't want anybody to talk and you know so it's obviously in jack Ruby's best interest to kind of like he gets picked on these guys that you're mentioning. Yeah. To kind of like take Ruby out or take Oswald out and rubies the rubies the guy who does the the kind of sentence for it and you know, just like you know, mob mob movie.

Unknown Speaker  3:37:37  
Yeah, exactly. And the another interesting thing about that is that the police, like the chief of police, a guy named Jesse curry, who seems to be like pretty like out of this whole thing like he was seemed just kind of be befuddled and trying to do like, what he could. He wanted to move on wild in the middle of the night without telling anybody like he was I wanted it to be a completely secret transport. And Earl Campbell, our CIA asset, Mayor, brother of Charles capital pressures curry to do it during the day because he wants the media to be there and like this whole spectacle. And so like a lot of police officers said that B look at the testimonies, they say that they could never see Ruby coming because of all like the flashing bulbs and the lights and everything. And then, but that's only the first time that he interferes the second time is that he calls curry to discuss like parade routes for something the following week, and it delays the prisoner transport. And it's in that delayed time that Ruby like, arrived if the call hadn't happened, Oswald would have been transported pretty perfectly.

Kantbot  3:38:50  
You know, it's just like, I don't know if you were like three and a half hours. Now

Unknown Speaker  3:38:54  
this is by far the longest That's crazy. My throat hurts so bad. This is the longest

Kantbot  3:38:58  
episode that we've ever done. I'm gonna show Yeah, I think we like covered like so, you know, this is you but I guess like the main takeaway like of it is that, you know, we've solved it. Yeah, we solved it. I don't know, this is like, very explanatory and doesn't realize elegant in the sense that it doesn't need there to be actual any coordination between all these, you know, crazy people like that's, uh, yeah, you know, you don't need all this stuff of like the mob wants to take out candy because none of that matters. Yeah. You know, the The point is that basically is you have a solvent and cromwells law firm who, you know, they're, you know, they turn their client list basically, into, you know, they formalized it into this huge network of organizations. Yeah, and you know, this they are these all these people that we're talking about that are involved in the business level of the oil men and whatnot is like they're a social class. onto the selves that have a identity that connects them that isn't immediately apparent because on the surface, they're so different. Yeah. And their backgrounds, but the point is, is that they're connected by something more that forms them as kind of like a cloistered, kind of insular identity Group, a class onto themselves that, you know, operates in this way.

Unknown Speaker  3:40:25  
Yeah, like, and I really do think that that's, that's what people really have to keep in mind when they're looking at it. They need to look at it as like these social realities that are formed and perpetuated. Yeah, you need a sociological conspiracy theory.

Kantbot  3:40:43  
I think that's like what we did. We uncovered a lot of cool stuff. And it's like, yeah, you know, we can even point out just the last thing is like, you know, who came up with the corporate structure that allowed corporations to own shares and other corporations that allows all the stuff that we're all the organizations We mentioned that all owned parts of one another and all linked up with who invented that and, you know, gotten into the laws to allow this. It's good William William Cranwell. William Cromwell. Yeah, Sullivan Cromwell. Do you say?

Unknown Speaker  3:41:17  
Did I know? Yeah,

Kantbot  3:41:19  
it is. Yeah, it's William is all I'm saying it now we're just like, all worked up because like it like, now I'm like, you know, oh, my God, just talking about this, like, you know, how can you not you get worked up because it's like, higher? Yeah. Williams,

Unknown Speaker  3:41:37  
William Cromwell. I think this was really good, though.

Kantbot  3:41:40  
Yeah, Sullivan and Cromwell invented the Godwin's law, the the corporate structure that all these Institute's and groups are they'll work with and they'll connect to each other and, okay, well,

Unknown Speaker  3:41:52  
you know, yeah, if you really want to know who killed Kennedy, it was one promo, basically.

Kantbot  3:41:56  
Oh, you know, my girl made a joke. Actually. yesterday. She's Like, yeah, if you wanted to stop World War Two, it would actually be much better to go back in time and like blow ups. Sullivan and Cromwell, then assassinate Hitler. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  3:42:11  
yeah, absolutely. Yeah. There's no Hitler without these guys. Do you look at that way? It's like, yeah. So we'll leave you on that note. Yeah. You don't have to kill a baby.

Kantbot  3:42:19  
We'll leave you on that note. And, you know, thanks a lot

Unknown Speaker  3:42:22  
for coming here for probably our Oh, thanks. Thanks for having me at heart our

Kantbot  3:42:26  
most detailed breakdown of anything ever for three and a half hours. But if you can't, if you can listen to all this not say that. You're you're convinced. I don't know what what else you need. I mean, this

Unknown Speaker  3:42:37  
is like, I know,

Unknown Speaker  3:42:40  
the way I see it, we just put our lives there. Bring this content to people. You know, I got my bug out bag ready, I'm gone. I'm going to Mexico tomorrow.

Kantbot  3:42:48  
But people should I mean, you know, this is all based on stuff that we did the primary source research I've

Unknown Speaker  3:42:55  
read like all these books ever been published about all these topics? It's like

Kantbot  3:42:59  
Yeah, what more You want like this is the research,

Unknown Speaker  3:43:01  
authoritative opinion? Yeah. Like your nominee frickin like FBI files and CIA cables I looked at to get a lot.

Kantbot  3:43:10  
Yeah. And so you're welcome. You're welcome guys and pray for us so we don't, you know, go get our heads blown up but thank you. Thanks. Thanks. How about this one is gonna make waves

